# Ask HN: What stands in the way of a landless, 100% digital government/state?

Consider a world government that doesn&#x27;t have any real large land area, just offices&#x2F;embassies. Everything from citizenship applications to paying taxes to providing social services would all be provided through digital&#x2F;online means. Anyone living anywhere would be eligible to apply and receive services and representation.<p>Web technology has come far enough that this seems do-able, at least on the technical side. What would be in the way of this from a social&#x2F;legal standpoint? What could established local&#x2F;global governments actually do to fight this?<p>I&#x27;m imagining a crowd-based, direct democracy, sort-of just like a social network. People would vote on the laws and policies (online&#x2F;mobile of course) directly, and there wouldn&#x27;t be any major &quot;head of state&quot;, more like a representative committee like maybe how some Open Source projects work. This could help prevent established states using physical force against a leader.<p>Now of course this would take a lot of people to become legitimate but with how so many governments oppressing their people, or even the discontent in countries like the US or Canada, I feel like citizens would accept and desire a much more direct role in a modern government. With enough legitimacy maybe it could even provide security and lobbying power in global governments (ex. UN, EU).<p>I also realize this is overly optimistic and not original, so I&#x27;m just wondering what others here think actually stands in the way.
