# Ask HN: Software Engineer looking for work – Any suggestions?

Dear HN members,<p>I am a Software Engineer with 10+ years experience in low-level middleware frameworks(not kernel or device driver) using C, EC++ (some C++) on Linux based platforms (mobile and desktop). You can see my CV here: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;drive.google.com&#x2F;file&#x2F;d&#x2F;0B5_wVHETBRUKaVI2bUlUTlJuNFE&#x2F;view?usp=sharing . I have been unemployed since last 3.5 years due to some family reason(details below). But now I am available to take on work. It will be okay if I am not paid for next two-three months(I won&#x27;t mind if I get paid for my work though) because I will have to take one month leave in January to attend to the family issue again. The obvious question you might ask is, why can&#x27;t I wait for next two-three months and then apply for jobs and in the mean time do some personal project? Well, if I start a personal project I will get sucked into it and I don&#x27;t want to do that because I <i>will</i> have to take on paid work by January as I am on the verge of bankruptcy. Another reason is that, if I am anyway going to start paid work, then why not give my future employer an opportunity to try me for two-three months. That way it will help the company understand if I am a match for their requirement. I am ready to work remotely and travel or relocate (but the company will have to bear the cost of travel and&#x2F;or relocation). And after the trial period(2-3 months) I expect a paid long-term contract or permanent position, obviously only if the employer is happy with my work.<p>You will be wondering what got me into the situation that I am in today. Well, I wrote the details here but HN submit-form refused to allow more than 2000 chars hence I am writing the rest of the message in the document here:  https:&#x2F;&#x2F;drive.google.com&#x2F;file&#x2F;d&#x2F;0B5_wVHETBRUKRlNNQjFEMU9SZk0&#x2F;view?usp=sharing . Let me know if there is any work available that I can take on now which can be extended after 2-3 months as a contract or permanent position?<p>Thanks and kind regards,<p>Ajit
