# Ask HN: What should I learn next?

I am currently employed as an Android Developer with knowledge of iOS &#x2F; Java SE &#x2F; C#.NET Forms&#x2F;WebAPI &#x2F; Angular JS.<p>At my current salary range I really only have the confidence to apply for Android dev, which is fine. It is the basis of my 3.5 years commercial experience.<p>My feeling is that I need to learn something new which is in demand or focus on one of my secondary skills. Simply, put I don&#x27;t want to continue down the path as an Android dev and get &quot;stuck&quot; if demand drops off.<p>I&#x27;m hesitant to learn new &quot;buzzy&quot; tech, case in point RubyOnRails. I read a report on here lately about how much it is in decline.<p>Python looks good as it has been around a while, Google supported etc. Javascript is also a possibility as its not going anywhere in the browser and Node is really picking up steam.<p>Java is around a long time and often bashed on here, that said, I think it still has it&#x27;s place as a lot of the commercial world we know is built on it. Learning the enterprise stack is a strong contender given the above and my current Java knowledge.<p>Finally, I have recently come across an opportunity to learn C&#x2F;C++ in my job. This doesn&#x27;t really seem like my thing, I do like finance and would really only consider it if I wanted to get into low latency finance type applications. That said, C and C++ are complex and might require a lot before I could work in finance at the salary level I require.<p>What do you wise folk think?<p>Appreciated.<p>P.S. I understand this may be quite broad. I am also not looking for a crystal ball into the next great&#x2F;in demand technologies. Just mere opinions on what you would pursue next if in my place.
