# Ask HN: Switching from Applied Math to CS (Machine Learning)

I am a graduate student at one of the Canadian Universities, and I will graduate with a Masters Degree in Applied Math this coming December (my GPA is ~3.9&#x2F;4.0). I am aiming towards getting a job in industry instead.<p>I decided to do a second Master’s degree starting Fall 2016 in a different field where I can learn useful skills that I can use to get me a job in industry (I am more interested in Canada, but I don’t mind to go to the US as well).<p>My questions are the following:<p>1. For those of you who are in Computer Science&#x2F;Engineering: What major do you recommend I should switch to in order to learn extra useful and applied skills that will increase my chances to land a good job in industry (and also where I will be using and benefiting from my math background)?<p>2. Is Computer Science (Machine Learning&#x2F;Data Mining) the best option to switch to (in your opinion) for someone with a strong math background?<p>3. Do you know other areas within computer science that have promising job opportunities and where I can apply my math background?<p>4. Do you recommend I should get a Bachelor’s Degree (which will last only two years because there are many Canadian Universities that offer Bachelor’s Degrees in Computer Science as a Second Degree) in Computer Science instead of Master’s Degree? I heard that employers like to hire people with Bachelors only because they don’t have to pay them much (among other reasons), unlike the people with Masters who are regarded as OVERQUALIFIED by many employers<p>5. Are you aware of any good Master’s programs in Canada In computer science&#x2F;engineering that you recommend I should apply to for Fall 2016? Please tell me the name of the program and what specialization&#x2F;research group you recommend I should get in touch with (I am interested in doing my Masters in Canada ONLY because I am a Permanent Resident of Canada and I want to stay in Canada for at least the next two-three years).
