# Ask HN: How can I offer to work unpaid in order to get my foot in the door?

I know it sounds weird, but I can&#x27;t figure out how to even get opportunity to interview.<p>So 10 months ago I started self-studying programming from C to Ruby to JS. And at the time I was under the impression that building out several applications and creating a portfolio site http:&#x2F;&#x2F;petehalloran.herokuapp.com that has many interactive projects, a blog and a social networking app this is the overview:https:&#x2F;&#x2F;youtu.be&#x2F;-rqS7RoAQrk?t=37s they can try out would at least get me an interview or a response of some sort.<p>But now I realize(which is understandable), that they&#x27;re too busy, and all they do is take a glance at my resume see no relevant experience and then throw out my resume. I know this because every company I applied for I spent hours look at their product and writing out a cover letter with links to github and videos of projects I have done that applies to the position.<p>So knowing that 1. Recruiters don&#x27;t care about demonstrations of applications built 2. No matter what I write my resume will be an automatic rejection. I would like to know how can I in anyway get my foot in the door, I would try and apply for internships, but those are only for students, and once again my resume is a death blow.<p>Do you think if I send companies an email asking if I could somehow join and contribute?<p>Anyways I am not trying to shamelessly promote myself, I am just completely lost about how this all works but if you&#x27;d like a free Rails&#x2F;Node developer let me know you can see some things I have done here: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.youtube.com&#x2F;channel&#x2F;UCQAYWQM5y83SGLabPFunPOg
