# Ask HN: How can the HN community help prevent the spread of extremism?

In February, the White House held a summit for technologists to collaborate on counter-extremism: http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.cnn.com&#x2F;2015&#x2F;02&#x2F;16&#x2F;opinion&#x2F;wiktorowicz-tech-fighting-extremism&#x2F; From that article:<p>&gt; The reality is that ISIS operates like a mission-driven, agile start-up to spread its evil ideology, and we will not defeat it through government and large corporations alone.<p>The way I see it, this is truly a war of &quot;applied memetics,&quot; in which violent groups are using information technology to attempt to control a global narrative, and to move it towards fear and oppression. The good news is that if there is one community that specializes in agile systems of applied memetics, and the technology to support those systems, it is ours. We make a living by choosing (or attempting to choose) what becomes &quot;viral.&quot; So why don&#x27;t we see how we can apply our talents towards this crisis?<p>With Anonymous declaring &quot;war&quot; on Daesh (deploying a large set of ethically questionable tools that many of us cannot contribute to for various reasons), I&#x27;m sure there are other, more white-hat ways in which those of us with coding&#x2F;machine learning&#x2F;viral marketing talent can contribute.<p>Is there a Kaggle competition for Daesh recruiting tweets, or an open-source classifier for those messages that needs contributors? Startups to address Muslim youth needs that could use visibility or advice? Other things I&#x27;m completely missing?<p>Let&#x27;s brainstorm as a community.
