# Ask HN: Hey HN, I need your advice – 26 y/o visiting the US

Hello HN,
I am Michael, 26 y&#x2F;o from Greece - a Marketing graduate from the Athens University of Economics and Business. I’ve been following HN for quite some time and I figured it would be a great place to seek advice for my current situation.<p>Right after graduating I had to leave Athens, where the most jobs are, and move back home (Chios, one of Aegean islands) because of family reasons. As a result, I wasn&#x27;t able to turn my degree into a fulltime job. I did, however, get some relevant experience.<p>My first job was a content editor and social media manager for a greek poker news website for about a year. My next venture was managing a fitness equipment e-shop for about 2 years. It was a great experience for me, dabbling around in the real economy and trying to provide real value to customers and suppliers. Our cooperation went into a hiatus at the time I had to serve the greek army. After finishing my service I took up the post of a very successful Airbnb host for the summer. I was responsible for the daily management of 3 listings (check-ins, check-outs, cleaning schedule) as well as the pricing the days that were not yet booked.<p>I know this sounds like a boring cover letter, so I&#x27;ll cut it short and explain where I stand now: I am currently a visitor in the US, living in Upstate NY. Is it viable for me to apply for a job under the H1B visa? What steps should I take? Where should I look at?<p>I&#x27;m a fluent English speaker and my skills include SPSS and SQL proficiency. Moreover, I am looking to learn Python and R in order to strengthen my data analytics skillset. I am mostly interested in digital marketing but I am willing to work in business analytics as well. I am also a sports fan and have a keen interest in the business side of sports, so utilising my skills (and obtaining new) in the sports industry would be great too.<p>I would truly appreciate your thoughts, either here or with an email at michael.lorenzos@gmail.com.<p>Thanks in advance!
