# Ask HN: Can you help me hire my replacement?

tl;dr: Help me find a digital marketing manager to replace me to lead&#x2F;grow the marketing for Call-Em-All before I leave the country in March. http:&#x2F;&#x2F;callemall.applytojob.com&#x2F;apply&#x2F;OpgI5E&#x2F;Marketing-Manager.html<p>My story starts in November where I&#x27;ve given 5 months notice to the company that I&#x27;ve been at for more than 5 years. I&#x27;m leaving to start my own business and travel Europe with my family. This job&#x2F;company has saved me on a professional level and a little known personal level. I was at a terrible corporate job before and was hired as an engineer and was employee 9.<p>I grew into leading the marketing &quot;team&quot; (just me hustling everyday). I have a ton of passion for the work I&#x27;ve done and which I still do. But my desire to take a leap and the timing has just worked out too well to stay. Albeit, it was a very hard decision and my loyalty is what made me want to give such a long notice knowing it could take a little bit to find someone. I also care very much about the success of the company and care for the people still there and because of this I&#x27;m quite passionate and involved in the hiring process. This hiring process hasn&#x27;t had the success we all had hoped it would in order to overlap with me still around. We just haven&#x27;t found a great fit into our culture or the position.<p>Being a small company, and while not a startup (10+ yr old company), the company does operate like it so the community here fits the mold pretty well. So I&#x27;m here, asking for help. I&#x27;m happy to answer any questions you might have about the company, the position, or anything that might give you an idea about if you are interested or if you think you know someone.<p>Company - Call-Em-All<p>Located - Frisco, TX (suburb 20 minute N. of Dallas, TX)<p>To Apply - http:&#x2F;&#x2F;callemall.applytojob.com&#x2F;apply&#x2F;OpgI5E&#x2F;Marketing-Manager.html
