# Show HN: What parts of your code are not original

Hello,<p>Are you curious to discover which snippets of your code were copied from Stackoverflow?<p>Where else on the Internet are those icons that you copied a long time ago?<p>Or simply to discover which licenses apply to the open source in your code?<p>There&#x27;s an app for that: http:&#x2F;&#x2F;triplecheck.net&#x2F;quantum&#x2F;<p>Development of this tooling took over two years, we archived over 630Tb of open source data around the web. Some sources of data have gone offline in the meanwhile but we kept a copy for posterity.<p>Things to consider:
   - Stackoverflow snippet detection is limited to Java at this moment
   - However, snippet detection works for mainstream languages in other repositories (sourceforge, github, googlecode, etc)
   - app is command line based (our UX skills suck), you need java installed
   - please let me know if pricing is too high or too low. We are bootstrapped, since there is no VC then pricing == survival
   - bugs will happen. Early edition, my apologies in advance for any bugs that surface
   - privacy NOT guaranteed. I don&#x27;t store your code, only fingerprints are sent to the server and these are NOT stored after scan is concluded. However, your data will be captured by network providers. Please don&#x27;t scan critical code, there&#x27;s a secure offline app. Details at http:&#x2F;&#x2F;triplecheck.net&#x2F;what-we-do.html
   - more than 300 open source licenses are detected<p>If the tool helped you: please retweet, upvote or just share your feedback and tips on how to make this grow from here. From one engineer to another: My personal thanks, I mean it.<p>-- Nuno
