# APPLY HN: organize and make accessible the world's data on medical devices

Hey guys, our vision is to be Google for all medical device data.<p>Why: starting with the FDA, the regulatory process for evaluating and approving medical devices is lax especially when compared to pharmaceuticals. The majority of devices are fast tracked through a process called 510k which requires minimal data&#x2F;clinical trials from manufacturers. This culminates in over 8k increasingly expensive devices flooding the US market with limited clinical data. Currently, a proliferation of organizations are attempting to fill the data gap by conducting their own trials, collecting post-market data, or sharing data across health systems. But they all remain in silos and often are hard to access.<p>Looking at post-market monitoring of devices, our national system is a joke. There&#x27;s no efficient framework by which the FDA monitor and manage the performance of devices after use with patients. So instead, we have hospitals and manufacturers manually submitting recalls and failures way after the fact.<p>How: aggregate from datasets including Medical journals, the FDA, vendors, research organizations, deidentified patient data crossed identified device in use. Layer on top tools to automate creation of data reports based on a few key search words.<p>Initial application: repository of evidence-based data for hospitals to evaluate medical devices before purchase--we realize this is a lot to tackle so we initially want to focus on hospitals who are looking for robust clinical data before buying devices, hence our current website on managing this process and giving access to all available data.<p>Stage: we&#x27;re about four weeks from a prototype and have interest from hospitals but no signed pilots. It&#x27;s a lot but it&#x27;s just the beginning. We welcome all questions and would love to hear more applications for the data!! Thanks.<p>Our website: amplehealth.us
