# Apply HN: Trely – Outsourcing on Demand for Latam

Trely is a outsourcing platform that offer on-demand services for Latam made by curated freelancers.<p>Initially we are working with design and copywriting services.<p>For every task generated we take between 20-30% of the money.<p>Trely solves two problems of the current outsourcing space for latam. And in consequence of solving that 2 problems we offer 3 great improvements.<p>Problems:<p>1. Freelancers usually take more work than they should. And we get it. It&#x27;s hard for a freelancer say no to a contract&#x2F;work&#x2F;gig because is the way they make a living.
But this often end in a big workload and then delayed deliveries of their tasks.<p>2. Companies&#x2F;entrepreneurs spend a good amount of time looking for a good freelance when they have to outsource some work. Checking the portafolio, the references, the reviews, the background. And then, the conversation between freelancer-company can have between 8-15 emails before the work is begun. Next depending on the work size the delivery in no less than a week.<p>Solutions that trely offers:<p>1. We look, interview, and vet the freelancers before we accept them in our platform. We look in their resumes, portafolio, background, and references. Then we make them 3 test and the result is that we work only with 15% of the initial candidates.<p>2. Companies only need to fill a detailed form of their needs and a freelancer can take the job. They can select a time frame of delivery. If the clients are in a rush the price increase.<p>3. As consequence of #1 and #2 the freelancers only take and work one task at a time. Our platafform only allow freelancers to take one job and delivered fast mantaining top quality. This allowed us to offer services on-demand (24 hours or less depending on the task).<p>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;trely.co<p>https:&#x2F;&#x2F;youtu.be&#x2F;olBBWpDOiiU  (spanish)<p>PD: Sorry if my text have typos. I&#x27;m working hard on improve my english :)
