# Apply HN- FixSmarter: Mobile App So You Don't Get Screwed by Your Contractor

You break your front, plate glass window.  What do you do?  Join Angie&#x27;s list, redbeacon, pro.com, homeadvisor, thumbtack, or search local contractors?  Maybe.  But all you&#x27;ll get is one or more recommended contractors who will come over and give you whatever estimate for a price they think they can get from you.  You&#x27;re really no better than looking in the yellow pages.<p>FixSmarter puts you back in control.  With FixSmarter, you take a video of window.  The video is distributed to local contractors for actual bids.  The price is confirmed by both parties upon inspection.  The cost of the job is held in escrow by FixSmarter until completion of the job.  Disputes over price and performance are resolved in house by experts in FixSmarter through video evidence.  FixSmarter takes a small percentage of the money held in escrow as a fee. All contractors will be vetted, licensed, and have liability insurance.  If they don&#x27;t have insurance, FixSmarter will provide the means to get insurance.<p>Unlike what&#x27;s out there now, contractors don&#x27;t pay for unsuccessful bids, consumers don&#x27;t pay to join and both parties can feel certain in price, payment, and performance. FixSmarter&#x27;s video project proposals combined with in-house dispute resolution takes a giant step forward for consumers needing home repairs.<p>I&#x27;ve been frustrated by getting home repairs for years and believe in this solution.  I&#x27;d love to hear from everyone on why I&#x27;m wrong or if I have a Dumb and Dumber like chance.
