# Apply HN: Brightwork – Making APIs More Intelligent

When building an application Developers use APIs to serve different functions. This can be payment, data, social network, push notifications. All of these APIs are pivotal in adding a robust feature set to their application. Some they build themselves, but many are used from existing companies and their platforms. However, using an API is a leap of faith. A Developer uses these APIs perhaps because of its reputation in the Developer community. Perhaps someone has used it in the past and found it to be useful. However, this is genuinely a leap of faith they take to use a tool in their application and trust it implicitly. But what happens when that trust is broken? What happens if that API doesn’t work as well or costs too much? That Developer has to dig back into their code, remove dependencies, and recode their application in a process that takes time. Sometimes lots of time.<p>Meet Brightwork.<p>Brightwork is an API Developer Tool. But it’s so much more. With Brightwork Developers can now see usage information as well as performance information about the APIs they use with their application. They can also see cost projections for their APIs as it relates to competing APIs. However, we take it all a step further. Now Developers can simply click a button in the Brightwork dashboard and switch APIs without having to write one line of code. We do all the heavy lifting in the integration layer and move the API so Developers can spend more time building applications that are agile, meaningful, saves them time, and ultimately money.<p>On top of offering all of this intelligence with their APIs, we’re offering full stack profiles. These are what we’re calling “BrightStacks” but are pre-built API bundles that can be used in their full stack. So instead of programming these services individually, entire stacks can now be turned up in minutes, not hours or days.<p>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;brightwork.io
