# Apply HN: Gresham Dollar – Viral Currency for Basic Income

Gresham Dollar (GD) is a currency designed for the purpose of providing people a basic income (i.e. regular income independent of the labor market) without the need for government funding.<p>Gresham Dollar is backed by the United States Dollar (USD). It is pegged to USD at par (one-to-one) using a novel mechanism such that it requires far fewer USD reserves than a central bank would normally need in order to sustain a new USD-backed currency.<p>Gresham&#x27;s Law is an economic principle describing the observation that &quot;bad money drives out good.&quot; For example, when the United States discontinued minting silver quarters, people held onto their old silver quarters, preferring to spend the new less-valuable quarters. Thusly, the old silver quarters were quickly driven from circulation. Gresham Dollar&#x27;s core mechanism uses a hack on Gresham&#x27;s Law that causes people similarly to prefer to spend their GD and hoard their USD. In other words, as GD enters circulation, it drives other currencies out of circulation. Gresham Dollar is a viral currency.<p>Gresham Dollar is a digital cryptocurrency. Unlike pseudo-currencies such as Bitcoin, which are inherently unstable in value, Gresham Dollar is centrally managed and is capable of being used as a full-fledged currency.<p>I know it sounds crazy.  Ask me anything.  Don&#x27;t worry too much about being nice.  But if you&#x27;re not nice, at least start an interesting argument.
