# Apply HN: Create, Contribute, Amplify Collaborative Actions

Qrowdify(https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.qrowdify.com) enables human to Create, Contribute and amplify collaborative tasks. Basically we are promoting Contribution using collaborative tasks and  the ability of duplicating it many time with different group of people in various parts of the world.<p>Qrowdify which is currently, in private beta, has a Design studio with almost 100 different widget empowering posting tasks. The Reward system which enables people to pay Contributors or schedule, manage and deliver different kind of rewards like bonus, gift, special offer and certification of accomplishment. More than 10 different integrated ways are empowering users to feed their mood for specific action instantly. We have many other components for promoting collaborative actions that I want you guys to please  check it out.
Currently we have real users working with system and giving us feedback. They  help us to get Qrowdify’s stable version, capable of handling our next plan, which is 100-wish. Now we are inviting organizations to join this project to cheer up at least 100  elderly people in assisted living centers. We believe in power of Qrowdify for collaborative actions.
100-wish shows one of  million collaborative potential of Qrowdify. Help us create the foundation for human to contribute their  skills, resources, times and basically their Qualities in valuable philanthropic , academic , industrial and daily projects.
Please if you apply for beta version, Please make sure you write “I am a member of HN community” in the comment part of beta application form. We would be happy to have you there.<p>Please watch this video : https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.qrowdify.com&#x2F;partythrower.mp4
