# Apply HN: 128Highstreet – A Trip Planning App

<i>Problems:</i><p>1. Planning a trip to a new place is usually tiresome, with reading a lot of reviews on TripAdvisor, asking a lot of relatives or friends for suggestions, using the existing trip planner websites that suggest pre-generated itineraries - that probably worked for someone else.<p>2. After carefully considering a lot of choices, the user finally decides on a trip plan. But things may change - there might be new events coming up in the travel destination which the user doesn&#x27;t want to miss or there might be last minute issues like a traffic jam or a bad hotel experience. The user is forced to stick to the previously decided plan and compromise!<p><i>What we do:</i><p>1. We do all the painstaking work of understanding the reviews on TripAdvisor and similar sites, learn what the user&#x27;s network is speaking about various travel destinations, the ones the user like the most - take into consideration the user&#x27;s budget, seat preferences, meal stops, gas stations, driving time, sleeping habits, previous travel history, nationality and visa requirements etc., and build the most suitable &amp; easily editable trip plan for the user. (The final aim of this app is to make sure the user won&#x27;t press the edit button. i.e., the itinerary generated is perfect for the user). <i>We track the user&#x27;s trip and suggest Plan B, just in case</i><p>2. We want to offer the user with hotel&#x2F;car&#x2F;event&#x2F;flight bookings with no booking or cancellation charges.<p><i>Is this even feasible?</i><p>1. Yes. We are in a process of building an AI engine that makes the trip planning possible. The aim is to get the user choose a perfect trip plan without spending hours to input all the details. 128HS aims to capture the user&#x27;s family members&#x27;details as well and keep learning when to show what!<p>2. The same AI engine calculates the probability of a user cancelling a hotel, a flight or any event, and tries it best to minimize such a probability. Minimizing this probability would mean ensuring the quality from the partners, using historic data and the likability by the user.<p>Sreyanth<p>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;128highstreet.com
