# Apply HN: Edtrics -Intelligent Education

Students and teachers around the world are all left missing the largest part of the educational equation. A standard for betterment. The edtrics educational platform is aiming to change the way students and teachers, set their benchmarks, develop individual optimal learning&#x2F;teaching strategies, change student learning from a linear learning cycle (step A, B, C...ect) to a quadratic learning cycle(step A, BC, CDE, EFGHI...ect).<p>We set out to do this to help three main groups, students, teachers, and parents.<p>Students have always just been given various workloads based on the combination of classes. The question we are answering is how do we increase the intellectual workload without increasing stress. We are doing this by using our application to pinpoint, “golden habits.” Every student learns differently, we are helping to shed some light on what is highly successful on an individual student basis. Then prompting replication across an array of factors. We are also hoping to profile students learning strategies into groups to suggest teachers with similar teaching strategies. We are not just looking at the “big picture analytics”, we are analysing from micro to macro.<p>Teachers have a ridiculously stressful job at times, when students aren’t improving, learning, or maintaining focus. We hope to remove the grey area with insight analytics to teaching strategies and overall learning outcomes. A platform to teach the teachers. We hope to connect a vast network of educational professionals and give new and old teachers alike different strategy insights that worked in other related fields.<p>Students learn better, Teachers are more effective educators, and parents know what&#x27;s happening every step of the way.<p>I’ve left quite a bit out but my name is Josh. I’m the CTO and am building the platform solo, I’d love to get some cool tech questions, although I won&#x27;t be outlining our black box algo, everything else is fair game, cheers.
