# Apply HN – Seedu – Equity Financing for Education

Seedu is a peer-to-peer platform permitting investors to microfund various students of their choice in return for a percentage of their future earnings potential. We anticipate creating a network of investors whom are aligned with these students in order to provide both tuition assistance and mentorship effectively seeding these students&#x27; futures.<p>Seedu does not provide loans in the traditional sense, but rather attracts investors (friends, family, alumni, prospective employers, retail&#x2F;institutional investors, etc.) to buy up students’ debt in return for equity in their career earnings for a given period of time. Typically speculative startups opt for equity funding rather than debt funding due to lack of initial funds and the freedom to experiment in their respective space – Seedu acts upon the same premise with students early on in their careers.<p>Seedu’s contract provides the student with:<p>Competitively priced alternative&#x2F;supplement to student loans<p>Incentivized mentorship from equityholders – If you do well, they do well.<p>Career flexibility – Currently can’t risk leaving your job due to high monthly student loan payments.<p>Unemployment insurance – If you have difficulty finding employment, there is no traditional student loan payment to worry about.<p>Customized payment structure – Ability to modify the contract based upon financial expectation&#x2F;need.<p>Active involvement bonuses – You will be able to reduce the net amount paid through good grades, internship acquisition, and anything else that actively boosts your future earnings potential.<p>Transparency – Student loans are bureaucratic and confusing. We will be focusing on simplicity and data visualization to help understand where your money is going.<p>We hope, with your help, we can solve the student debt crisis together.
