# Apply HN: Infection Resistant Materials for Preventing Infections

--- What we do<p>Using the properties of nanostructures we can create low-cost polymer nanotextured surfaces that are anti-microbial, prevent biofilm formation, reduce protein absorption, and increase blood biocompatibility, leading to increased patient outcomes through reducing healthcare associated infections.<p>1 in 20 patients that receive a central line catheter get an infection because of the catheter, about 7000,000&#x2F;year. 1 out of every 10 that get an infection will die, about 70,000&#x2F;year - these are stats from the CDC. We are nanotexturing the interior of a catheter to prevent platelet adhesion and thus clotting and the exterior of the catheter to prevent bacteria from getting close the catheter site.<p>- How?<p>Nanostuctured topography creates mechanical stress on settling bacteria. Nanoforce gradients caused by the surface variations induces stress gradients within the lateral plane of the surface membrane of a settling microorganism during initial contact. This stress gradient disturbs normal cell functions, forcing the microorganism to provide energy to adjust its contact area on each topographical feature to equalize the stresses. This expenditure of energy is thermodynamically unfavorable to the settler, inducing it to search for a different surface to attach to.<p>TLDR; microorganisms can&#x27;t find a surface to rest on.<p>In preliminary testing we found a reduction of platelet adhesion by 82.3% over the control and 84.9% over the positive control. Staph. E. observed an adhesion reduction of 68.6% over the control and 81.2% over the positive control. Staph. A. (also known as MRSA) had a reduction of 64.6% over the control and 83.7% over the positive control.  E. Coli had an 84.1% reduction over control and 97.5% over the positive control.
