# Apply HN: IoQS – Message-based service to measure and track anything

IoQS is a general case of internet of things, to make quantified self easier. (Name is a blend of the two: Internet of Quantified Self)<p>Our service accepts tagged messages from users, where the tag applies data in the message to a category. Users can configure alerts from the service to be sent to them as reminders to send in data.<p>Sample use case: instead of a bluetooth or wifi connected bathroom scale that sends weights to a remote database, IoQS reminds the user every morning to weight themselves and message the result to the service. Reminders help build habits, and the user doesn&#x27;t need new hardware to collect data.<p>This lets users measure things that are subjective or are hard to measure - such as mood, food eaten, time spent in various activities. Being a general case, the user can choose to measure whatever is important to them. Such things can change with time, and this lets users experiment without having to purchase expensive hardware they may only use for a few weeks.<p>Once the data from an IoQS message is in the cloud, there are many possibilities for comparison with other data sources, graphing, and forming insights for the user. Data can be shared for friendly competition, or possibly with a doctor for medically-relevant tracking.<p>We&#x27;ve got a prototype in private beta using SMS messages for the reminders and user-entered messages. Thinking of building native-apps next to lower text fees, but started with SMS to make it platform independent.<p>Looking forward to feedback, questions, or opportunities!
