# Apply HN: Zippy, self driving sidewalk meal delivery robots

At Zippy, we&#x27;re building self driving delivery robots that navigate the sidewalk to deliver meals from restaurants to homes. They use self driving technology including 3D cameras to go from a pizza&#x2F;burrito place to the customer&#x27;s front door, avoiding pedestrians along the way.<p>The robot cart currently is driven via 3G connection remotely over the internet, so it can be in another suburb over, with it streaming live video back. We&#x27;ve driven it down to the end of the street &amp; back remotely. And we&#x27;re working with GPS, sensors etc for SLAM. (We&#x27;d love to work with Varden Labs to cross-pollinate our self driving tech, that golf cart looks rad. http:&#x2F;&#x2F;abc7.com&#x2F;technology&#x2F;driverless-shuttle-giving-students-rides-around-mt-sac&#x2F;1229716&#x2F;)<p>Dominos recently launched a self driving pizza delivery robot in Australia, and other startups are building similar things. The time seems right for this new thing in the world for the first time.
https:&#x2F;&#x2F;au.news.yahoo.com&#x2F;technology&#x2F;a&#x2F;31135451&#x2F;dru-the-new-self-driving-robot-launched-by-dominos&#x2F;
https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.starship.xyz<p>Home delivery via air drones sounds neat, but flying drones are dangerous. Navigating streets and foot traffic seems trickier than &quot;as the crow flies&quot;, but the big plus here is that it&#x27;s safe for the public, which makes it possible to do.<p>Having small items delivered to homes by robots gives us near zero cost per delivery, and deliveries are able to be done at any time rather than just peak hours; robots don&#x27;t mind waiting around doing nothing for two hours unpaid.<p><pre><code>            _____
  ___      |     |
    _-_-  _&#x2F;\____|__\\__
 _-_-__  &#x2F; ,-. -|-  ,-.`-.
    _-_- `( o )----( o )-&#x27;
           `-&#x27;      `-&#x27;
</code></pre>
We&#x27;re looking for skilled ROS and robotics engineers to help us make the future the present, help make startups like Sprig and SpoonRocket work out their unit economics, and help you get your delicious dinner at your front door with free delivery.<p>Video demos: http:&#x2F;&#x2F;meetzippy.com<p>Tom.
