# Apply HN: An open, geographic alternative to Snapchat

Tang (www.get-tang.com) is a geographic-based, temporary social media network that allows users to see what others are up to around them.<p>When someone posts on Tang, they take pictures or 10-second videos and set captions with hashtags to those posts, and set a post lifespan to it between 2-minutes and 48-hours.<p>There are a number of ways to use Tang:
-You are out on a Saturday night, and you want to know what venue to go to (search #nightlife within 5km)
-You are traveling and you want to see what&#x27;s going on in your immediate vicinity (click &#x27;radius&#x27; and choose between 5 and 100km).
-You see something hilarious at a party, and you want to share it with the world, but you also don&#x27;t want it to haunt you next Monday at work (insert picture of someone doing a keg-stand here). 
-You have a business, and you want to drive traffic to your store or to a particular location (Budweiser buys a geofence during a large event, attendees within the geofence can post to a campaign page).<p>Tang is open, temporary social media, where Snapchat is closed, temporary social media. We have tested and validated that there is content that needs to remain temporary, but also deserves to be seen by an audience larger than just a closed network of friends, but can&#x27;t justify being posted on permanent social media (like Instagram).<p>Right now we are 80% through initial dev. and our alpha is right around the corner.<p>Looking for your support, but more importantly, your feedback!<p>Cheers.
