# Apply HN: Low-friction social organization between friends

Imagine yourself watching the clock at the end of a long Thursday in the office trenches. Happy hour is calling your name but nobody in the office is up for going out today. What do you do?<p>People have a very real, fundamental need to socialize with other people on a regular basis. Can this need in fast-paced, ever-busier urban lifestyles be served by technology in a more convenient way?<p>What if there was an app on your phone that would let you know, within minutes, if any of your friends were nearby and interested in hanging out?<p>We would like to propose a platform which follows the “low-friction” trend (proven by the likes of Snapchat and Tinder) and enables rapid, last-minute, high-quality social organization.<p>How it works:
When you’re bored, you simply open the app and hit the giant red button (it might say something like “Who’s up for hanging out?”). A notification is sent to all of your friends with whom you are connected in the app and who are within a certain radius (say, 2kms).<p>Each friend can choose to declare themselves “in” or “busy” (or just ignore the notification). As friends elect to be up for hanging out, everyone is added to a group chat to coordinate. Even friends who are not directly connected will be able to communicate at this point.<p>It’s the quickest, easiest way to meet up with your friends on short-notice.<p>Revenue:<p>Our primary revenue source is expected to be modern, context-aware advertising. Knowing that a group of friends in a particular area want to socialize, it is a logical pairing that we could recommend places to meet up. This offers high-value advertising opportunities for establishments in the area of the users.<p>Does it have a name?
Not yet. Suggestions welcome.<p>Who are we?
A couple Canadians with a passion for building software and solving problems. We each have years of experience building software for both enterprise and consumer applications.
