# Apply HN: Synaptitude – Remote Mental Health Monitoring and Treatment

Synaptitude: http:&#x2F;&#x2F;synaptitude.me<p>Problem:<p>According to the CDC, one in five American adults deals with a mental health issue. However, only 44% of adults with diagnosable mental health problems and less than 20% of adolescents receive treatment. That leaves the majority of people with mental health issues untreated. We believe these low treatment percentages are due to a mixture of expensive treatments, the taboo nature of mental health, and the inherent ailments that come with a mental disease.<p>Description:<p>We are making a system using an EEG (measures brain activity) and webcam that allows real-time mental health tracking and treatment in the home. This information is then made viewable to patients and to mental health specialists via our app. Specialists can then track patients remotely and test the effectiveness of different therapies and drugs outside an office.<p>Over time, we will apply machine learning to collected data and use therapists’ and psychologists’ notes as tags. This allows us to improve various offline techniques&#x2F;activities, notify specialists about critical patients, and automate many aspects of mental health treatment.<p>We will also provide patients with activities centered around therapy techniques, such as neurofeedback. This will help patients practice self-regulation techniques in their home, as opposed to expensive trips to a therapist or clinic.<p>Product URL: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;thinksuite.io&#x2F;<p>Demo URL: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;youtu.be&#x2F;6kB-T9Uz65Y<p>Our YC App Video: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;youtu.be&#x2F;EOHfLdtHXag
