# Apply HN: HR Partner – human resource management for small businesses

Problem - A lot of smaller companies don&#x27;t have a dedicated HR manager or team, and don&#x27;t invest in the time or technology to record important employee information, nor keep track of important recurring events such as performance reviews and employee leave quotas.<p>Solution - HR Partner has been designed for smaller businesses, to get them on the right track with proper human resource practices.  We offer a free tier for very small companies to get started.<p>We also have an employee portal and leave tracking&#x2F;application out of the box, and are busy integrating our system with various popular payroll systems.<p>Differentiators from our competition -<p>(a) we are region agnostic, and we don&#x27;t supply pro forma policies and forms that are usually specific to a particular locality.  
(b) we have designed the system so that external HR consultants can log into multiple companies and help them with their HR workload.  This is all part of our philosophy about &#x27;sharing the load&#x27; and enabling many people to work on a single company.<p>Challenges - We basically have a working solution all built and being used by around 120 people (on the free tier) in the 3 months since going live.  We are looking for capital and partnerships with experienced marketing professionals who can assist us with obtaining revenue.<p>Trivia - HR Partner was built by ONE guy and the office cat in a remote city in Australia that is 3000km from the nearest Apple store!   This one man team has over 30 years experience as a self employed developer, and is responsible for every single one of the 22132 lines of Ruby code, the back end DevOps, front end interface design, social media marketing, support resolution, blog and documentation creation as well as making the tea.<p>HR Partner site - http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.hrpartner.io
