# Apply HN: Bandhub – online music collaboration community

Bandhub (http:&#x2F;&#x2F;bandhub.com) is an online music collaboration community.<p>We provide easy-to-use software for asynchronous, video-based, music collaboration.  We make it easy for you to get to know like-minded musicians around your interests, develop relationships with them over time and stay connected on an ongoing basis by regularly making music together and sharing with the overall Bandhub community.<p>PROBLEM:  99% of the world&#x27;s 500M people who play an instrument or sing do it recreationally, as a hobby.  For people like us, it is very hard to get to socialize meaningfully around music ( forming a band, playing in gigs ).  Yet those meaningful social experiences around music are what we aspire to the most.  Making it easier to get those experiences is in our opinion the #1 problem in the musical products industry.  The internet hasn&#x27;t done much yet to help solve this problem.  You can publish your performance in YouTube or Soundcloud but nobody will pay attention to it ( only the 0.1% of musicians will get attention ).  The average recreational musician will be ignored.<p>INITIAL FOCUS:  Our current product is good for the subset of people that are REALLY active in their hobby of playing an instrument&#x2F;singing.  That is people who play&#x2F;sing for 2hrs every day when they come back from work&#x2F;school.  Bandhub users now spend those 2hrs using Bandhub instead, as the workflow is the same to what they use to do before Bandhub ( i.e., meticulously learning &amp; practicing songs ) but now they get super meaningful social experiences by being part of &quot;collabs&quot; in Bandhub, which are multi-instrument online video-based collaborations.<p>MARKET:  $30B&#x2F;year spent worldwide in Musical Products ( e.g., guitars ) and Lessons.  We believe meaningful social experiences around this hobby are the most valuable experiences people are looking for and whoever succeeds in providing them will capture a big portion of this overall market, and maybe also grow this market 10x.
