# Apply HN: WedWell - Vendors bid for your wedding

WedWell (http:&#x2F;&#x2F;WedWell.co) helps couples hire the best vendors for their wedding by getting vendors iterate details electronically and to bid for their event.<p>A wedding brief, created by the couple, is a text based description of what they want to see for different aspects of their wedding. Initially we will breakdown the brief into the first wave of vendor types: (DJ&#x27;s, Cakes, Flowers, Photos, Invites). The brief can include links to Pinterest boards, Spotify Play lists and Google Drive documents. Ideally, the brief becomes the digital representation of the couple’s wedding that they draw all inspiration from.<p>Couples can invite vendors to bid on their brief by viewing a list of the vendors and sending them messages. We will also solicit external vendors for the couple’s brief.<p>Vendors will respond with their proposals. The proposals will come in as text&#x2F;hyperlinks to describe their services. It&#x27;s up to them to sell themselves to the couples.<p>The couple will tell WedWell how much they want to pay for each vendor type. We may give suggestions for pricing based on analytics available to us. The couple will put a credit card down for each of the vendor they would like to book. After the week long bidding period the client will then have the choice to either confirm or cancel the awarded prize (50% of the payment).<p>We will normalize all the agreements. The vendors will receive 50% of the prize as the contest ends. We will then award the other 50% after the wedding. We will build in a rating system for each vendor to ensure the best vendors are rewarded with more contest wins.
