# Apply HN: Niche social-network for farmers, plants, their uses, seeds exchange

I felt in love with a agriculture movement called agroforestry and I&#x27;ve being learning and practicing it for the past year and a half, also I&#x27;ve being practicing a vegan raw food diet and this together brings me so make questions when I see a plant species:<p>- What species is it?
- Is it edible? What parts?
- Can I eat it raw? Or just cooked?<p>There are SO many leafs we could eat and most people think it is just weed, we call then here PANCs (Plantas Alimenticias Não Convencionais &#x2F; Unconventional Food Plants). We can crowdsource this kind of information.<p>The beauty in PANCs is that they usually don&#x27;t need fertilizers neither pesticides thanks to their rusticity, but:<p>- Where can I buy them to consume?
- Where can I find seeds or seedlings so I can produce?<p>Maybe someone near me have a plant and wants to sell&#x2F;give it away. It would be a nice opportunity to connect farmers in so many ways other than that.<p>Plants are not just edible, most are medicinal too and I&#x27;ve cured so many things with plants that I&#x27;d love to see a more organized way to browser their medicinal uses too. I&#x27;ve some good books on it but books are difficult to browse, to carry around and miss a lot of information specially on local species that today just some elderly knows.
So we crowdsource medicinal uses too. But how to trust this kind of information without scientific studies on the specie?<p>We can crowdsource all those the questions.<p>I see a really engaged community of plant identification and seeds exchange on Facebook even though they work it could be a lot more organized and with better engagement with some gamification.<p>I&#x27;m Brazilian so I&#x27;m taking more about my reality here, but this kind of platform could benefit people around the world and maybe help with food crises.
