# Apply HN: Ram Accelerator Supergun Space Launch

Idea: a cheap cannon-based space launch system<p>Who: Ryan Lackey &lt;ryan.lackey@gmail.com&gt;<p>Objective: to put satellites into LEO, materials into higher orbit, and do so at &lt;$500&#x2F;kg to LEO.<p>Stage: some research, no detailed plan, looking for expertise<p>Technology: A &quot;Ram Accelerator&quot; -- essentially a 10km long, 1m bore cannon, to be built in a remote location, ideally on a mountain near the equator (Ecuador? Ethiopia? Somalia?).  500 m&#x2F;s chemical gun at the breach, projectile enters a tube 10km filled with ~10 different mixtures of natural gas and oxygen.  Projectile is shaped like a ramjet core (cones), so it compresses&#x2F;detonates fuel, causing constant acceleration.  Leaves muzzle at 10 km&#x2F;s.  Hits atmosphere, massive boom.  Projectile contains booster rocket and circularizing rocket.<p>Projectile peak G load is ~5-10k G, which is a non-issue for solid state&#x2F;potted electronics.  Deployables can be immersed in incompressible liquid fuel.<p>When: &quot;Someday&quot;.  I&#x27;m not an expert in aerospace&#x2F;mechanical engineering, so I&#x27;d need to find solid cofounders, and would like to validate the idea more.  It&#x27;s been researched extensively at UW, Boeing, and other places over the past 15y.  Production scale is a $50-100mm project.  Subscale is maybe $5mm.<p>Fellowship product: Detailed computer simulation and answers to key questions (barrel erosion, payloads&#x2F;capacities, costs, market)<p>Final Product: Probably a LEO satcom&#x2F;sensing constellation, or delivered components to orbit, rather than launch services themselves, due to unique characteristics of launch platform.<p>Links for reference:
http:&#x2F;&#x2F;ramaccelerator.org&#x2F;home&#x2F;
https:&#x2F;&#x2F;en.wikipedia.org&#x2F;wiki&#x2F;Ram_accelerator
http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.tbfg.org&#x2F;papers&#x2F;Ram%20Accelerator%20Technical%20Risks%20ISDC07.pdf<p>(I have full-time other things to do, but I wanted to write this up just to get feedback from people smarter than me.)
