# Apply HN: Visage – Fully Automated Makeup Application

The makeup industry is ripe for change. Currently makeup is being applied the same way it always has - with brush, pen and applicator pad. Now imagine a device that automatically applies makeup. Cut makeup time from 30 minutes to 30 seconds. Users will be able to choose from thousands of colors, shades and products for their ultimate customized look. Makeup artists can create and sell digitized looks for their fans to apply via a digital makeup store. Don&#x27;t like a look? wipe it off and try another instantly. Having a tough time getting those eye wings right? Try with computer precision down to the millimeter! Tired of waiting while your partner takes 2 hours in the bathroom? They’ll still take two hours, but with this product, they&#x27;ll have tried dozens of looks instead of struggling with one.<p>How do we do this? Facial recognition software, reverse kinematics, airbrushes and custom applicators. Our software will analyze a user’s face using proprietary algorithms, enabling a preview of the applied makeup customized specifically to the individual user’s features via our smartphone app. A user may then edit and fine tune their look to perfection and store it on their device for later use - and even share it with their friends!<p>We firmly believe that this idea is both technologically feasible and inherently marketable. With strong community support and the help of industry experts, we intend to challenge the traditional methods of cosmetics application while placing the power of precision styling in the consumer’s hands, all at a fraction of the time and cost of conventional techniques.
