# Apply HN: TemporalHealth Search and Aggreg. engine on millions of health records

(To quote Linus Torvalds “Talk is cheap show me the code”)
A working demo on 6 Million hospital visits: http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.computationalhealthcare.com<p>Government agencies collect medical records on millions of patients for various purposes such as reimbursement, medical research, healthcare quality&#x2F;delivery assessment. Even though these datasets are available to researchers and analysts, they are severely underutilized. Further due to security &amp; privacy concerns, modern analytics tools cannot be directly used. We have developed a privacy preserving analytics platform. The platform uses aggregates statistics pre-computed in an exhaustive manner to enable exploratory analysis. By allowing researchers and physicians to search on these aggregate statistics using medical concepts (diagnosis, procedure &amp; drugs), we can significantly reduce security &amp; privacy concerns, while greatly enhancing benefits of these datasets. Given the enormous privacy concerns due to amount of information present in such datasets, we are deeply committed to transparency. We will Open Source core parts of platform for researchers. While we would prefer such system strong and useful enough for public use. In short term we aim for providing access to all practicing physicians and medical students in United States.<p>Consider a physician who discharged a patient with Sarcoidosis, within a week the patient went to an ED complaining severe headaches. The physician would be curious if any other patients have had suffered headaches following sarcoidosis and if she should admit him. Due to availability of 140 Million visits and 40 Million patients our system can provide useful guidance to the physician in spite Sarcoidosis being a rare disease.<p>We have the data. We have infrastructure. There is no real reason why it should not exist. Hence we have built it. We have a fully functional platform for research use. We have been working on this for 4 years and its my PhD thesis. Also applied to YC S16.
