# Apply HN:SHARPX-Membership Based App Serving Barbers,Nail Techs,Stylists,&Beyond

Housecleaning:
-YC: We applied for Summer 2016, be sure to check out the full application!
-All SHARPX functionality described down below is Patent Pending.<p>-DEMO VIDEO: www.SHARPXApp.com
(sign up while you&#x27;re there!)<p>What is S H A R P X?
----------------------
SHARPX is a membership based platform for services. It will allow Service Providers (SPs) to earn more, and clients to pay less.<p>SHARPX is intended to solve every inefficiency in this space. Shop discoverability, client retention, payments, booking, wait times, and eventually booth rent, and buyers remorse.(Hope those last two intrigue you.)<p>How It Works:
---------------------
All payment&#x2F;booking apps on the market solve two problems: they replace cash with digital payments and automate booking. SHARPX does these as well, but takes it further by solving the real problem: client retention.<p>Barber Example: SHARPX member purchases 3 haircuts&#x2F;month which translate into &quot;Swipes&quot;. Swipes can be used to get a haircut at any shop participating in SHARPX. Haircuts are typically $25, but with SHARPX the price decreases 10% (give or take) for every swipe bought. So buying 2 haircut swipes brings the unit price down to $22.50($46&#x2F;month), and 3 haircut swipes brings unit price to $20.25 ($60&#x2F;month). Swipes are use or lose.<p>Payouts from membership swipes for each vertical will be set, but to account for cost of living, shops decide what they services they will offer for a swipe. Payouts will be set such that most fall in the sweet spot. This system allows the customer to get their hair cut anywhere, but also guarantees repeat business for the service provider.<p>Pay-As-You-Go: For those who are scared of commitment, the app will also have Pay-As-You-Go options to buy ad-hoc.<p>Monetizing
-----------------------
SHARPX will follow the OpenTable model. SP’s pay a fixed price per month plus a small percentage of every client check-in via swipe.<p>Questions? Constructive Criticism? Fire away.
