# Apply HN: Pikii – Anonymous social network, 30M messages sent

Here are some questions answered in YC format. Please ask any other questions you may have, thanks! - Filip<p>&#x2F;&#x2F; If you have an online demo, what&#x27;s the url?<p>https:&#x2F;&#x2F;pikii.com<p>&#x2F;&#x2F; What is your company going to make?<p>Pikii lets people chat and interact anonymously. It&#x27;s fun and people spend a lot of time on the website which leads to a lot of ad clicks.<p>&#x2F;&#x2F; How far along are you?<p>30 million chat messages sent through Pikii. If you take a look at the website, you&#x27;ll see that it actually looks like one of &quot;the&quot; social networks. We&#x27;ve received screenshots from people when they need help with something, and we&#x27;ve repeatedly noticed people with just a few tabs open: Facebook, YouTube, and Pikii. This is what we&#x27;re proud of most, becoming a regular part of people&#x27;s lives.<p>&#x2F;&#x2F; Why did you pick this idea to work on? Do you have domain expertise in this area? How do you know people need what you&#x27;re making?<p>We want to make a big impact on the needs of regular people, to help as many people as we can. We want to connect the world in a way that anonymity can facilitate because we think these needs are being underserved. People need this because social networks are among the top visited websites in the world, Facebook being the prime example.<p>&#x2F;&#x2F; What&#x27;s new about what you&#x27;re making? What substitutes do people resort to because it doesn&#x27;t exist yet (or they don&#x27;t know about it)?<p>People go out at night to have fun at bars, parties, restaurants, social events - they want to interact with new people. You should be able to do the same thing online. The same excitement and fun, but easier and free.<p>&#x2F;&#x2F; How do or will you make money? How much could you make?<p>Selling ad space and paid features. We could make potentially billions of dollars per year.
