# Apply HN: A more convenient mobile wallet for the unbanked

I was living in Malaysia as a student years ago and it was difficult for me at times to withdraw cash(as the ATM’s were either too far away or they used to shut down at midnight). What I realized it that it would be easier if I could pay with my mobile prepaid credit. After quite a bit of research, I realized that was a difficult proposition as telcos liked to take a big cut and they would only pay merchants after 60-90 days.<p>I also saw that there are many people who are unbanked or to whom banking is not very convenient for. So I’d like to create a mobile payment wallet that could be topped up by your local shop or your friend. You could go down to your local shop, give them say $100(more or less) and it will be transferred to your account(just like it would be when you top up your mobile prepaid).<p>The money in your wallet could be used to make online payments(ecommerce, bills etc). It could be used to deposit money into a bank account(which you could create on the platform perhaps). You can top up anytime and very conveniently.<p>In Malaysia alone, there are 10 million prepaid mobile users(from 2015 stats). With an assumption that close to 40% of these people are unbanked(the % is almost double in Indonesia) means that there is a huge possibility to scale this up.<p>The idea here is to do away with the ATMs and the Cash deposit machines. Mobile is the way to go and we’d like to get everyone there. Make it easier for all.
