# Apply HN: Hostable, Reskinnable, Domainable, Searchable, Forum Software

So while hacker news is used in very flexible ways (like this!) and the community is amazing I&#x27;m really really exhausted with how badly the actual software used to host it works.<p>I see a lot of opportunity around a piece of forum software integrated into a piece of crowd funding software.  Wait, what?  How the hell would this work?<p>So imagine we go completely meta and start thinking about how hacker news is being used today, what do we need:<p>1) Custom Tagging of thread titles (Apply HN, Show HN, customisable via the setup).<p>2) Works on mobile<p>3) Skinnable<p>4) Hosted&#x2F;Can create your own DNS&#x2F;Community&#x2F;Rules&#x2F;etc.<p>5) Conclusion mode - was there anything suggested&#x2F;tagged as a conclusion?<p>6) Conclusion ordering mode - call for actions - you can turn you comment into an action point (maybe with a suggested cost against it).<p>7) Given a set of conclusion&#x2F;actions a crowdfunding campaign could be started.  We could for example all cough up to hire a lawyer to start a class action lawsuit or pay someone in our local area to organise with the local authority to fix a part of our area or we could get together and build a crazy piece of installation art.<p>8) Grouping of threads by tag and different tag types.<p>9) Not sure about money yet but I guess you could take a fee from any successful crowd funding.<p>10) Directory of Volunteer&#x2F;Recommended Helpers&#x2F;Past history of having done stuff!<p>11) Think about it like github issues for the real world!<p>12) Successful campaigns running through tools like this and a playbook for managing them.<p>13) Multiple post admins who have to agree&#x2F;action stuff.<p>Name suggestions welcome, I have to go to bed now so please vote, sorry for the lack of further discussion!  I will be on it tomorrow!
