# Apply HN: FORUM – A public conversation app

getforum.co<p>FORUM is social app available on Android (public bêta) that propose to user to share their thoughts (400 chars max) on any subject they want. The particularity is that each thought can be:<p>- the beginning of a public chat conversation with someone. The conversation will be displayed automatically like it is in a messaging app (whatsapp, messenger, telegram)<p>- the beginning of a long post. If you reply to yourself. The post (or story) will be displayed nicely like a blog&#x2F;Medium post.<p>- the thought can also be a one shot status like it is in a social network.<p>In other words. Forum propose to unify the experience of a social network(public status), a blogging platform (&quot;thoughts storm&quot;), a messaging app throught just one feature. Everything is a thought, even a comment is a thought.<p>The other particularity of Forum relies also on how the thoughts are classified and accessed within the platform.<p>- Indeed each post can be considered as a mini-website: The user has to write his single thought and reference it with 3 tags before he sends it in the network.<p>- All the community will receive the thoughts of everyone in a Tinder-like stack and will swipe them up or down. (up to upvote, down to pass) This system (tag + swipe) is a crowdsourced way to rank all the content each one of us produce.<p>Which means that the search engine will allow you to find the best thoughts according to the community on any tags combination you want.
Search [#movie] [#sf] [#2015] and you&#x27;ll find the best thoughts&#x2F;stories&#x2F;conversations according to the community on this subject.<p>Lastly on Forum, you can follow &quot;tags&quot; (rather than people) and define different stacks of cards based on your tastes.<p>Thanks a lot if you have spent a little moment to read the presentation of my project :-)
Don&#x27;t hesitate to check the site where I explain more in the details the vision I have behind FORUM.<p>I will be happy to anwser all your question,<p>Jak
