# Apply HN: Nuyolk – A smart curator and aggregator for digital retail

What we&#x27;re building:
We are building an aggregator for e-commerce products. We bring together millions of products from thousands of brands in one place. We then personalize the user’s feed and search results based on their profile and preferences. If the user decides to purchase the product, he&#x2F;she is redirected to the merchant’s site. For every redirected purchase, we earn a 5-10% commission. Right now, we are adding merchants with existing affiliate programs and hand-picked independent labels. Eventually, we will make special accounts for the rest of the independent labels to index their products with us. The goal is to make it easier for users to find products with the best design, value and brand story that suit their individual taste.<p>Our Why:
Inspired by local independent labels which are often more creative but are limited in distribution, we thought that there might be a better way of leveling the playing field so they can get the market share they deserve. A couple of years ago, we started an independent label crafted by traditional local artisans. We soon realized that having a good product was not enough because the per unit marketing spend was ridiculous and time consuming. We envision a world where designers and artisans can put their full focus on creating great products and where shoppers can always quickly find the best product out of the millions in the market. With digital retail for fashion and interiors alone poised to grow with a CAGR of more than 50% from 2016 to 2020, there is a huge opportunity to sort out the overwhelming mess for the shoppers.<p>Our progress:
Right now, we&#x27;ve soft launched the search feature. In the next couple of weeks, we&#x27;ll be slowly rolling out the personalization features. Check it out at http:&#x2F;&#x2F;nuyolk.com!<p>We&#x27;d love to hear some feedback too! What can we improve on? Is our site clear enough? What features would you use us? :)
