# Apply HN: EventCast – the simplest event planner

EventCast is a simple, mobile application for event organization. In this era of app-fatigue we’ve sought to create a frictionless, bare-bones tool that satisfies the major needs of event organizers and guests (big and small).<p>Download EventCast and the first thing you will notice is that it is (relatively) anonymous. We never ask for a username or email. We track a device ID out of necessity. You can start using EventCast immediately, though.<p>Let’s say you are organizing a soccer tournament (or a wedding party, pub crawl, conference, festival). Create (+) an event and give it a unique HASHTAG code (or EventCast will do it for you). Then build out the agend. Team Alpha against Team Drumpf on Field A at 9:00am; Team Beta against Team Tesorio on Field B at 9:15am; etc. As an organizer, you’re done. You can share that hashtag code as you please through any media you like.<p>If you are attending the event, simply subscribe to the agenda using the HASHTAG code. You are then synced with the schedule. Any changes the organizer makes will automatically flow to all subscribers. It’s great for pop-up, surprise-location events, too. Once you’ve synced the agenda, you can customize the agenda to get notification for only those items you are interested in attending. Are you part of the Team Drumpf family? Just select those games and you’ll get notifications 15 minutes before the start of each of those games. The notifications will also provide directions from wherever you are to the destination.<p>Interestingly, we think, this is an application that you may never open after subscribing. You may “live” in the notification windows on your smartphone, which we think is pretty cool.<p>We look forward to your feedback:<p>Play Store - https:&#x2F;&#x2F;play.google.com&#x2F;store&#x2F;apps&#x2F;details?id=com.eventcast<p>App Store - https:&#x2F;&#x2F;itunes.apple.com&#x2F;us&#x2F;app&#x2F;eventcast-simplest-event-planner&#x2F;id1069897109?mt=8<p>Demo - https:&#x2F;&#x2F;youtu.be&#x2F;nFIDUYobQF4
