# Apply HN: GriditX – real time live event fan engagement mobile platform

If you&#x27;re overwhelmed with apps today, fear not, you are not the only one.<p>Our philosophy is that there are simply too many applications for events. From music discovery, to professional conferences, to sports; all have their respective apps to serve its purpose.<p>What if we hyper-increased the value of the app to enhance the fan experience though? What if we allowed fans to cross platform message other fans, regardless of social network? Instead of you responding to your event-app, what if our platform dynamically responds to you and your experience in real time?<p>At a music event - launch GriditX to load hyper relevant information about the event, be able to connect and message other fans, and be able to access event exclusive items for purchase or sharing. At a Sport event? GriditX will respond to you, your experience and instantly load what you&#x27;re experiencing on our mobile platform...<p>This is precisely what we&#x27;re building here at GriditX - a dynamic mobile platform that caters to the fan experience at live events in real time.<p>Initially, we&#x27;re targeting live music events and focused on helping low-tiered artists build their fanbase; we want to use technological know how to improve the lives of artists who have been negatively impacted by the rise of streaming music services. In a nutshell, streaming music services (Spotify, Youtube, Apple Music) simply do not pay, live music events do. There&#x27;s a negative correlation of the rise of streaming services to artist income (especially the hundreds of thousands of independent artists).<p>We&#x27;ll be revolutionizing live events, and we hope we&#x27;re considered for YC!<p>Ask us anything!
