# Apply HN: Snapchat for gifting

Seedling is bringing the experience of in-person gifting online by enabling friends, families and communities to co-create an interactive gifting experience.<p>Online gifting today solves the transaction, but fails to deliver the personal connection of in-person gifting. But we don&#x27;t gift to transfer assets, we gift to strengthen existing relationships and help build new ones. And research shows nothing does that better than shared experience.<p>Plant a Seedling for a loved one and invite others to help it grow. They add a video or image message and an optional fund contribution. On harvest day, it&#x27;s all combined into a unique gifting experience and delivered to the beneficiary.<p>We have an early prototype, and planted a Seedling for YC as part of our application: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.giveseedling.com&#x2F;#&#x2F;grow?token=d357781b6feade82a17200e36ae2d66e<p>There&#x27;s no fund in this Seedling - just messages. We&#x27;ve asked YC alumni we know to add video and image messages, which will be combined this Friday and privately shared with YC and everyone that contributes.<p>Now we&#x27;d like to open it up to the entire HN community.<p>If you&#x27;d like to add a message to the YC Seedling, just email me at luke@giveseedling.com and I&#x27;ll send you an invite. What kind of message can you add? Whatever you want. Just make sure you&#x27;re okay with YC seeing it!<p>Some prompts to get you thinking:<p>1) I read Hacker News because...<p>2) I applied to YC because...<p>3) The biggest issue facing tech right now is...<p>4) In the next 10 years, I&#x27;m most excited about..
