# Apply HN: Financial plans as an employee benefit

-- Overview --<p>In addition to health, vision, retirement, etc. benefits we aim to establish financial planning as a benefit that every company offers their employees.<p>Money is the main source of stress for Americans and it impacts an employer through missed days, increased illness, and distractions. And many people without a solid financial foundation put their retirement at risk by not making enough contributions to their retirement plans, by taking loans from their 401(k) when they have an emergency, and by carrying too much debt into retirement.<p>Our goal is to help Americans break the paycheck-to-paycheck cycle and start making progress towards their financial goals.<p>-- Business model --<p>In order to reach the most people our financial wellness platform will be an add-on service that 401(k) advisors offer to their plans. We believe it will help them distinguish themselves from their competitors as well as open up a new revenue stream for them.<p>They will pay us a monthly per employee fee which they can either pay themselves or pass on to the 401(k) plan.<p>For a business model comparison think Concur for the 401(k) industry.<p>-- Software --<p>Our web-based platform will ask each user a series of questions after which they will receive a simple financial plan that contains a budget, debt payment plan, retirement plan, insurance needs, and plans for their goals whether that be establish an emergency fund, buy a house, save for college, etc.<p>--<p>WorkPlay401(k)<p>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.workplay401k.com
