# Apply HN: Qbix, Inc Aims to Do for Social What Bitcoin Did for Money

Hi everyone. I&#x27;ve been posting on HN for the last 8 years (just checked). I&#x27;m also the CEO of Qbix, a startup which embodies a lot of the values that many of us here share, so when I heard about Apply HN, I got excited.<p>A few &quot;impressive&quot; stats first: our apps are already in stores &amp; have been downloaded over 4MM times. They&#x27;re used 3MM times a month! We&#x27;ve got users all around the world and most reviews are 5 stars. See http:&#x2F;&#x2F;qbix.com&#x2F;blog<p>We already make steady revenue. But we&#x27;ve poured it all into building an open source platform that will:<p>1) give every community a way to host &quot;its own facebook&quot;<p>2) give people a consistent experience across domains &amp; devices enabling unprecedented privacy, ease and control over their own data<p>3) give developers a stable, thoroughly tested platform on which they can build apps for communities, without reinventing the wheel on a thousand things (literally) that we take care of<p>You can see more here: http:&#x2F;&#x2F;qbix.com&#x2F;platform<p>When Fred Wilson recently said this at Le Web, he was speaking about the platform we built: http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.youtube.com&#x2F;watch?v=R43OKYmGbhU&amp;t=24m0s<p>Email, the Web, Wordpress, Bitcoin, Git are all decentralized. Yet social networks are still centralized; it is a hard problem to solve.<p>What if there was a web-based platform that ran on every device, letting any community choose their own host and install apps which would all work harmoniously? What if it would reconstruct people&#x27;s social graphs across communities seamlessly and the apps would &quot;just work&quot;?<p>That&#x27;s what we built. We&#x27;re now working with several local communities that paid us to release apps for their members. After the beta, we will roll it out as a self-serve platform to all our 3MM users of Groups. We made several apps on top of this platform that we estimate will generate about $15&#x2F;user&#x2F;yr<p>The YC community can make a huge difference for us going forward would be happy to apply for YC!
