# Apply HN: IXD – Universal Broker for Legacy Communications Systems

The fax market is still growing by around 10% a year in terms of usage and revenue.  Hospitals, insurance, banks, lawyers, and government all rely on fax as a universal form of communication between their systems when they send significant amounts of sensitive information with other entities in an automated way.<p>This is crazy.<p>IXD aims to replace fax and other legacy communications technology with 15 minutes worth of changes to their infrastructure.  Companies like DocuSign don&#x27;t focus on bulk transmission of data, and no other solution out there really provides the universal connectivity fax provides.  And e-mail is simply not secure.  GPG is too hard to use or isn&#x27;t auditable, so companies stick with what works for them<p>We&#x27;re working on clients, proxies, and APIs that pull data from legacy systems and understand fax protocols, and send them through our servers, where we then can relay that data to its destination in a secure way.  Then the receiver can choose how they want to receive those documents:  via fax servers, e-mail, a Web page, into their database, or in a network folder, for example.  Imagine sending a document to a government agency without needing to find a fax machine, all while the agency keeps their fax machines in place and receives your document the way they are used to.<p>In the long-run, we want to enable large enterprises that deal with compliance standards to use faster, more modern technology to communicate with each other so each company chooses how they want to receive information such as documents or medical images, for instance.  This means connecting different communications services:  Like Dropbox to ShareFile; or DocuSign to SharePoint.  No longer do people have to use the system the sender used to send information:  Everyone can use the service they are comfortable with, and more importantly, have audit records in.
