# Apply HN: DAYS, One exceptional product a day

DAYS is an (iOS) app that features one exceptional product in women’s luxury fashion, every day.<p>--PROBLEM--<p>The problem here is that the fashion world is now moving at an unsustainable pace: with hundreds of new products released online weekly, the constant churn has left consumers and aficionados overwhelmed and unable to keep up.<p>--SOLUTION--<p>We believe that this situation has left our audience wanting for a more personal, curated experience: one that brings back the magic in fashion and adapts to your life, not the other way around.<p>This is where DAYS comes in: by narrowing down the best thirty products each month from thousands of new releases, we are able to present a collection of the most thoughtful, intriguing and well crafted products in fashion, all this only a tap away.<p>You can think of DAYS as a crossover between 1) a digital fashion &quot;magazine&quot;, becoming part of your daily entertainment routine, and 2) a shopping edit&#x2F;catalog: inspiring and influencing your next buy.<p>--TEAM--<p>You might remember us from our previous idea, Skyler, the fashion weather app, and our (failed) subsequent attempts to save it and ourselves: PepperPrank (Send your enemies pepper through the mail) and AskJemima: ask Jemima, our virtual psychic, a question for $1).<p>Me (Olivier) and Henrry have been working together for almost two years now (the last 6 months from two different continents) so I can confidently say that we have a really solid team: neither of us are going anywhere until we make this work.
We operate like this: Henrry is our fashion editor and I design and develop the app.<p>We just launched our app two days ago in the App Store (iOS only for now) so you can check it out there:  https:&#x2F;&#x2F;itunes.apple.com&#x2F;app&#x2F;id1097827734<p>Ask us anything!
--Olivier
