# Apply HN: Connyct – Complete IOT Solution

What are we doing?
Connyct is a complete IOT solution. We will be the facebook and twitter of IOT.<p>Features:
1. Create a Device: Just define the data structure and the GUI associated with that ( all with a UI interface - no programming required)<p>2. Follow &#x2F; Share: People can follow or share their devices. For example a scientist places a weather station in Antarctica, you could follow that device. Or to be commercial, what if Kim Kardashain&#x27;s weighing scale uses Connyct? Million would be interested in following her weight. Developers of the device just focus on the device, we take care of the rest.<p>3. Data Analytics: Sensors&#x2F;Devices just send their data; We perform complex data analytics on them.<p>4. Interconnection: You can do trigger actions on the devices you own (in real time) - for example, if temp in antartica weather station is less than 30, email me or turn on light at home, etc . All this with no programming.<p>Use Cases:
1. Companies make internal phone apps all the time. In the future, they are going to make internal IOT devices and they need a platform for that. We are that.<p>2. You have an idea for an IOT device, use our service to create the device - you focus on the device coz the backend, website, phone app is all done. Scale from 1 to a million.<p>3. You own a company and need a custom IOT device - you need to hire a h&#x2F;w designer, backend developer, phone app developer, maintain a server etc. Use Connyct and you only need someone to send us the data - may be an intern? Look at the cost savings.<p>Saving the best for the last:
FREE for developers and users. Only cost for storing data along term.<p>Youtube links to give you an idea of what we are trying to accomplish:
https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.youtube.com&#x2F;watch?v=nk5QK7SE2ME<p>We plan to launch in about 2 month time. Please feel free to drop in your suggestions&#x2F;questions. We are also looking for a 3rd co-founder. If you like the idea and are interested, please feel free to drop in a comment.
