# Apply HN: CADWOLF – Intelligent Engineering

www.cadwolf.com<p>When an engineer&#x2F;scientist&#x2F;worker solves a problem, they generally use Excel, Matlab, MathCAD, or python to do their work. They then document their results in Word and email that to their boss. This causes problems in that documentation and analysis almost always get out of sync, and bosses&#x2F;customers will have a license to check your work.<p>CADWOLF solves these problems by doing all of these things in the browser. Users create web pages called &quot;documents&quot; and add blocks to the document through a gui. These blocks can be text, tables, plots, equations, etc. Equations solve top to bottom in the document and update in real time.<p>In short, it replaces all of the above platforms with a web page - with nothing to download or install.<p>For engineers, the platform does considerably more. Whenever a large structure - like a space vehicle - is built, every part is given a unique number through a part numbering scheme. Our part tree module lets the user create this scheme and then add systems and components to the structure.<p>This gives us two big functionalities : the ability to query the structure for items like &quot;weight&quot; in real time; and the mathematics will update along with design changes.<p>What would we do with the grant:<p>Complete an AWS server side to solve large problems, publicize the site, and begin working on a CAD system to go along with the mathematics. This will be unique in that it will be browser based and linked to a backside mathematical model. As the design changes, the math and the CAD will update as well.<p>This will drastically reduce the time and manpower it takes to design cars, space vehicles, planes, etc.<p>The system is in beta now and you can see several videos and demos on the main page.<p>Short intro video here - (2 min)
https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.youtube.com&#x2F;watch?v=pdFf7jfA5EE<p>Longer video giving full explanation (15 min)
https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.youtube.com&#x2F;watch?v=MkdSZhrsxrU
