# Apply HN: Browsed – Make Sharing Obsolete

Vision?<p>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;browsed.xyz&#x2F;blog&#x2F;2016&#x2F;02&#x2F;01&#x2F;what-is-browsed&#x2F;<p>Crux of the idea?<p>Get rid of FOMO. Focus on building a people network and, content will follow.
Rather than going to a bunch of websites to finding stuff your folks share everywhere, get them via one stream. Always be implicitly aware of what people in your network are interested in rather than what they want to appear when they choose to share selectively.<p>How it works?<p>- Install Chrome&#x2F;Safari&#x2F;Firefox extension for your favorite browser.<p>- Signup using Facebook (Or, some other online network) where you have built your social group.<p>- Every time you discover new stuff online (links, text, images, videos etc) they are transmitted to people in your network anonymously and vice versa.<p>- Initially, software will display content to you in the order of frecency with an expiry of 24 hours. But, because extension has access to your local browsing history, it will evolve to digest that data to always order the content based on your recent interest.<p>- This may include options to allow sharing by applying filters and type of content user wants.<p>- Also, sharing data exists just in your browser and, platform memory lasts for the period of delivery, similar to Whatsapp.<p>Concerns?<p>- Privacy<p>AFAIK, Most people would love to have a read access to their network info but, will be concerned about providing read access. It is likely that if you intimately know someone, you might be able to pinpoint the person it&#x27;s emanating from but, that should be OK in future where people are willingly sharing most stuff about them via Instagram, Twitter, Facebook etal. There has always been tradeoff between privacy and access and, I, personally believe that we are moving towards the direction where latter trumps former.<p>PS: I have been thinking about this idea for few months now. I&#x27;d love to get your feedback on this. And, if this sounds something few people will be interested in, can get to work on this.
