# Apply HN: AutoMicroFarm – An Aquaponics Farm / Garden for Every Backyard

Hey Hacker News,<p>We&#x27;ve been developing backyard-sized aquaponics systems for the residential market.<p>(Aquaponics is a system with a fish tank and soilless veggie beds. The fish waste fertilizes the veggies, and the roots filter the water for the fish. You get both fish and veggies for consumption.)<p>Our goal is to make it easy and simple: easy to buy, start up, maintain, modify, and expand. We would like to see every household with a bit of a backyard eventually become ~self-sufficient with AutoMicroFarm systems.<p>We&#x27;re currently working on our fourth prototype, destined for my backyard. We also finished two experiments with using mushroom media that did were not successful, unfortunately (more on those experiments in this blog post: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;blog.automicrofarm.com&#x2F;post&#x2F;142436464771&#x2F;mushroom-media-adventures" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;blog.automicrofarm.com&#x2F;post&#x2F;142436464771&#x2F;mushroom-med...</a>).<p>We have half a dozen friends and neighbors interested in the system, after they see the fully functional prototype. After completing the prototype, we&#x27;re planning to find ~10 alpha&#x2F;beta customers in my new-construction neighborhood of about 400 houses, then expand to the rest of the Triangle region in North Carolina.<p>Our website is <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;automicrofarm.com&#x2F;" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;automicrofarm.com&#x2F;</a><p>We&#x27;ve been recording our efforts so far on our blog <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;blog.automicrofarm.com&#x2F;" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;blog.automicrofarm.com&#x2F;</a><p>Ask us anything, and thanks in advance!
