# Apply HN- Hitchhiker's Challenge- a Worldwide Scavenger Hunt

The idea is for a 30-day virtual scavenger hunt with worldwide leader board and a real money jackpot for the winner.  The jackpot builds like powerball based on number of players.  The game resets and repeats a few times a year. 
The game can be thought of as Amazing Race on steroids.  Each day is a new round until a final round for the jackpot.  A player is dropped into a virtual world somewhere in the universe with a map where dangers await.  Each day he has to unlock a new treasure for points.  In order to unlock a treasure, the explorer has to answer a question or solve a formula, puzzle or problem in a limited amount of time or that treasure must be found again. 
As each treasure is found, the treasures become more scarce but greater in value. Clues, additional time, second chance, and level jumps can be purchased during the game. Players can encounter setbacks which will bring them back to earlier stages in the game but will not lose the treasures that they have received. 
The discovery of the final, most valuable treasure ends the game and crowns the winner. The winner receives a sizable jackpot based on number of contestants. Other prizes also awarded i.e., most points, most time searching, etc.  Players can interact throughout. Players can also challenge each other for their treasures.
After a final treasure is found, the game resets and a new competition commences with increased visibility and larger prizes.  If the game can attract an audience so the prize can grow, I could imagine the news discussing it and making it big.  It fits nicely into two exceptions of the Internet Gambling laws.
I talk better than I code and I’m not much of a talker so if you like what you’ve read and want to get involve, let me know.  This is a side project I have been working on in combination with my startup-https:&#x2F;&#x2F;news.ycombinator.com&#x2F;item?id=11444651.  Not sure I can ever get it off the ground but I&#x27;d love thoughts on it.
