# Apply HN: AJ's American Garage – The Ghost Door (Device)

Video Introduction, Timeline Estimate, and Transcript available here:<p><a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.ajsamericangarage.com" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.ajsamericangarage.com</a><p>I call it The Ghost Door. It is a device to open and close various types of hinged doors and latch them closed using undisclosed sensor systems. I have the drawings and design ready to begin prototyping, and by dedicating myself full-time to learning and implementing small scale tech like Arduino&#x2F;Pi&#x2F;Intel&#x2F;etc materials, it’s about working to bring an idea to functional concept. It helps to have a programming background of sorts, and the skills to research the right guides to do small time electronics work like soldering and working through issues. I can totally build this thing in my garage if I had the time and money, at least to the point of working with some engineers to optimize it for mass production.<p>What’s great about the product from an investment and revenue standpoint is that it works in both “retro-fit” and “brand new” applications. It should be able to be mounted and used on interior doors for the mobility impaired or for convenience.<p>In conjunction with manufacturers, the design and technology can also be incorporated into industrial &#x2F; commercial &#x2F; medical door applications as a competitor to existing products. As of now, it’s not quite an ‘internet of things’ device — thinking of security here — but the potential to be such a device is built-in to the concept’s scope. The device has one primary goal: To open and close doors in a novel manner that will be a profitable product.
