# Apply HN: Aerfolio – Digital Aircraft Logbooks

Problem:<p>Aircraft-owner market is overdue for innovation: aircraft logs, maintenance records, etc. are all typically recorded by hand in paper logbooks. And if those logs are lost or destroyed in a fire, the aircraft is generally deemed not-flightworthy and resale value diminishes to near zero $. So - there is real, catastrophic potential downside to not keeping redundant records.<p>Solution:<p>Web + mobile app for tracking aircraft fleets &amp; basically digitizing aircraft and engine logbooks. Similar concept to fleetio.com but focused on aircraft fleets instead of truck fleets. (One critical difference: aircraft maintenance based on # hour of operation, instead of # of miles traveled.)<p>The app would also deliver users periodic reminders - when scheduled maintenance is due, or when loan&#x2F;insurance payments are due, for example. Beyond the basic concept, we also have whole slew of ideas about important features, UI and general program logic.<p>The app would be useful for owners of a single airplane&#x2F;helicopter, but would probably be most helpful for owners of 2+ aircraft. Software like this does exist for passenger airlines &amp; very big air freight companies - but it&#x27;s prohibitively expensive for most private owners and small corporate fleets.<p>Additional Background:<p>Our dad has been an airplane &amp; helicopter pilot for 25+ years and in that time has owned numerous aircraft. For 18+ years, he owned &amp; operated the biggest helicopter flight training school in the Midwest... I basically grew up at the airport.<p>So, we have deep contacts within the local &amp; regional aviation community. Many of his friends and former students are themselves aircraft owners - so we have big headstart on finding early test users. *Also have contacts into the aviation departments at some of the big St. Louis-based corporations (e.g., Anheuser-Busch, Emerson Electric). Likewise, we have a firm grasp on the industry trade publications, trade shows and other marketing&#x2F;advertising venues.
