# Apply HN: Anti-Dandruff Shampoo Subscription Service

Ketoconazole based anti – dandruff shampoo with easy to use subscription service.<p>1. Why Ketoconazole?<p>- Ketoconazole based shampoo makes significant reduction in hair loss.<p>- Dandruff is primarily caused by a fungus known as Pityrosporum ovale, which also causes flaking and itching of the scalp and is commonly present on most people’s scalp. Ketoconazole is the best defence against Pityrosporum ovale which helps in significant reduction of flaking and itching of the skin. Also Ketoconazole binds to the natural protein in hair called keratin. So it keeps working for days after hair wash.<p>2. Improved product:<p>- Dryness - Washing hair with Ketoconazole shampoo leaves hair dry. So it becomes really important to apply hair oil before using the shampoo. To address dryness, Love &amp; Care Subscription pack will include hair oil to apply before wash.<p>- Smell, texture and lather of current Ketoconazole shampoo&#x27;s are bad as compared to the other regular famous brands like Pantene, Dove, Head &amp; Shoulders. This alone can amazingly improve the product quality.<p>- Bottling and packaging of the current ketoconazole based shampoo makes them look like medicated shampoo. Design of Love and Care bottle will be modern, travel friendly and 100% recyclable.<p>3. Why Subscription?<p>- Convenience - Most of the people use shampoo twice a week. Its an important necessity in a modern lifestyle. With subscription model we will deliver exactly what people need and when they need it. And our customers won&#x27;t have to worry about commitment as they can pause or cancel subscription any time.<p>- Love &amp; Care will have enough shampoo for 8 washes, that means its can run for 1 month for a person who shampoo their hair twice a week.<p>- Free standard shipping and additional cost for expedited shipping.<p>- Transparency - Unlike other major shampoo brands that don&#x27;t disclose their ingredients, we will tell our customers absolutely everything. No mystery.
