# Apply HN: the off grid tech park

Problem: Developers are often pressured into a life of working on less-than-interesting projects because the pay is steady.<p>Solution: Make living more affordable and reduce the pressure to generate income by developing an off grid tech park which will become a lifelong network of developers, engineers and permaculture enthusiasts.<p>What I&#x27;ve done so far: In 2015 I set up an LLC and purchased 5 acres (2.5 hours from Los Angeles) of amazing land. I have lived there for months at a time with another developer - other developers have stopped by for hackathons and summits.<p>What the goal is: create a place for developers, newcomers, engineers and entrepreneurs to come together and ALWAYS have a place to live and learn. A place to try all your cool projects without the fear of failure.<p>Business model: Tech park and incubator model. I&#x27;ve left this intentionally vague as this business aspect of this concept needs the most attention. I am certain there is a good way to capitalize and it will be shaped in part by early members.<p>Why now is the right time: there is a perfect storm for developers: a lot of us can make money remotely. An internet connection in remote areas is now affordable and fast. Solar technology prices are plummeting. The permaculture movement has given us mountains of useful literature over the last decade. Land that was almost unusable for a tech park 20 years ago is now prime.<p>There&#x27;s also a big future in bringing technology experts and permaculture together - these two disciplines need to mingle more and I believe working off grid brings the necessity that leads to innovation.<p>I do realize that there&#x27;s a lot of pitfalls in anything involving land ownership as well as developing communities - my commitment is to bring on legal experts which is another reason I think YC would be so helpful.<p>Edit* here&#x27;s a dropbox with some images, all taken from the land. Also a video with some coyotes. <a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.dropbox.com&#x2F;sh&#x2F;vvu448eyg1887l7&#x2F;AAAPu488tKIdnPfHIzQwGcLHa?dl=0" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.dropbox.com&#x2F;sh&#x2F;vvu448eyg1887l7&#x2F;AAAPu488tKIdnPfHI...</a>
