# Apply HN: Signl.fm, the first spoken-word blogging platform (Podcast 2.0)

www.Signl.fm is the first social, spoken-word blogging platform — &quot;Medium for Audio”.<p>--<p>Imagine if you could create live or time-shifted audio in the same place you listened to it—then instantly share it with your followers.<p>Imagine if you could connect with co-hosts and guests around the world.<p>Imagine if you could record live, invite listeners to contribute their voice in real-time—then subscribe to or download that content, stored in one place, forever.<p>Imagine if you could rate, review, share, and respond to content all in one social ecosystem.<p>Imagine if you could seamlessly transcribe your content using IBM Watson.<p>Imagine if monetization was painless for both creators and listeners.<p>--<p>Progress: We have an MVP (broadcast, record, &amp; playback on desktop, iOS, and Android, and the basic product flow). We are working with an alpha group to amp and incentivize our social features to max level.<p>Market: We started this because we didn&#x27;t have enough spoken-word audio to listen to. We want people to make more, and social is an *awesome way to make that happen. So, first we take on podcasts (~$120M worldwide), then Radio ($50B).<p>Team: Two co-founders, Kimberley(CEO) &amp; Clifford(CTO), who have between them created many of the best-loved video games in history (Mass Effect, Assassin&#x27;s Creed, Hitman Go, etc). The two previously had a small game studio together, and have a tonne of experience in gamified consumer apps (i.e. We Know Product). 2 other devs (also out of games), a finance&#x2F;PM dude + an intern. An INTERN. !!!<p>Traction: a bunch of folks who want to live-cast and record with us; the biggest meetups in Vancouver, reporters who want to take us to conferences, and some others that we can&#x27;t discuss here, but would be happy to chat about in person. We&#x27;ve also been interviewing podcasters for 6 months, and they&#x27;re all pretty excited about us. We&#x27;ve got some nice notes from them to prove it.
