# Apply HN: Turn your spreadsheets into a complete webapp in minutes

PROBLEM<p>Most businesses have important information registered in spreadsheets, those spreadsheets generate a lot of problems like loss of files, versioning, loss of information, lack of accountability in changes, etc. Some of those spreadsheets start as something small but end up being pretty important for its users.
To substitute those files with custom software is difficult because in medium or big enterprises IT departments work on the most important things and can’t develop software for “small things”. On the other hand outsourcing that development can be difficult and&#x2F;or costly. For smaller business without IT departments the problem is the cost of developing custom applications.<p>SOLUTION<p>Let users upload a spreadsheet to our platform and transform that into a custom web app, adding useful functionality like search, filtering, reports, security, users, permissions, etc.<p>BUSINESS MODEL<p>Basically we will have two products the hosted app (recurrent revenue) and the downloadable app to host on your own server (as a premium product). As a business strategy we need to have affordable prices so that medium management can approve the purchase. 
Also our apps need to be functional, with good usability and good design (in that order).<p>VISION<p>In the long run we want to make great software for any kind of companiess. To do that we need to enter the market with smaller and less risky applications because “no one ever got fired for buying &lt;big enterprise software company&gt;”<p>MARKET<p>Every business that uses spreadsheets for long term work (need to work more on this)<p>TEAM<p>Right now it is only me, but I am looking for co-founders. I have a technical degree on software development and experience in various non-IT areas of a bank (first hand experience of what I call the “spreadsheet hell”).<p>PROGRESS<p>I have a sketch of the application and am developing the first working prototype<p>Any kind of questions, opinions, etc. are welcome.<p>Thanks in advance!
