# Apply HN: SLOOP – Solving problems by reaching problems

Problem: Usually whenever there&#x27;s a problem people would resort to social networks, Q&amp;A websites or protestations. But there&#x27;s mainly three problems with these substitutes such as the : (1) intended use, (2) reach and (3) audience. 
1. Fundamentally, none of theses websites were designed to be used this way. Social networks connect people to each others and Q&amp;A websites are meant for people who need specific answers to specific questions.
2. For a problem to be seen and discussed it needs to go viral. But what if it doesn&#x27;t ? 
3. What happens if you don’t know who to speak with ? Nothing.<p>Solution : A platform where people can discuss problems they have (or observe) and find solutions.<p>How would it work? 
Mr A post a problem. Mr B propose a solution. If Mr A approves the solution provided by Mr B then the problem is considered solved. If not, an email will be sent to Mr A (along with anyone who has interacted with the post) listing handpicked products or services that may solve the problem.<p>Business model: - Ads(Global Discussions only)
- Sponsored Global Discussions(like Quora’s knowledge prizes).
- Partnerships(e.g: PH, Quora, Stripe..) the benefits of this lies in the quality of people it can attract and the help it can provide.
- Weekly newsletter:Startups, Apps developers, entrepreneurs will have to pay a fee to have their product listed.
- Every problem posted could be a potential business opportunity (à la netflix : <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;bit.ly&#x2F;1OAXFpt" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;bit.ly&#x2F;1OAXFpt</a>).<p>Competition: Reddit for the time being is a fearsome player but its approach in the discussion space will always leave room for other players. Facebook and Twitter: even though this is not what they were created for, they do have the resources to create similar solutions (like facebook did with Fundraiser).<p>Mockup: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;goo.gl&#x2F;Lttmp9" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;goo.gl&#x2F;Lttmp9</a>
