# Apply HN: Melt – API for Physical Gifting

Melt: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;melthq.com" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;melthq.com</a><p>Demo: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;melthq.com&#x2F;dashboard" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;melthq.com&#x2F;dashboard</a><p>Problem: Companies are always looking for ways to engage with and delight their customers. Sending small gifts to customers is not scalable. Generic postcards and mailers are ineffective.<p>Solution: Melt is an API that devs can effortlessly tie into and trigger gift sending based on whatever conditions they want (customers bday, purchase amount, 10th purchase, etc.) Small gifts can be customized with customer info. We handle the production, customization and mailing and figuring out how to scale. Small gift ideas: chocolate, giftcards, flower(s), handwritten notes, whatever to delight your customer.<p>About us: I&#x27;m a developer and previously built and maintained a large hosting company&#x27;s billing and customer service APIs. I&#x27;m a two time startup founder and also built a real estate company to mid six figures income while still in college. My partner is at Wharton working on her MBA. She previously scaled an ecommerce food startup from $45k MMR to $105k MMR in six months and worked at Uber doing operations and logistics.<p>Vision: We want to build a platform for anyone to send physical goods, seamlessly. What stripe did for payments we want to do for, say, chocolate bars and flowers.<p>Market: We&#x27;re targeting client based businesses initially as they already send gifts to customers. Think Realtors, Brokers, Lawyers. Eventually any company looking to improve customer engagement and relationships would benefit from Melt.<p>Progress: I&#x27;ve been working on the code since late February. API MVP is about 75% complete. Web app is about 25% complete. We have ~35 signups from a small reddit post I threw up a month ago. Surprised to have had a few CEOs from large companies sign up, one of which is a YC company. Partner and I have talked to nearly 25 lawyers&#x2F;realtors about their use case.<p>If you have any questions, comments, feedback, or interest in the project reach out. We&#x27;d love to hear from you!
