# Apply HN: Automate the $450B bookkeeping and accounting industry

Business owners know this question all too well: &#x27;what was this transaction for?&#x27;<p>The problem is that, we can hardly remember what we ate for dinner yesterday, let alone what we spent money on from a month ago...<p>It&#x27;s annoying and it&#x27;s a gigantic waste of time; and by gigantic I&#x27;m talking $450 Billion dollars spent each year employeeing bookkeepers in just the US.<p>Fortunately 80% of all bookkeeping work for basically every business imaginable is repeat, month after month. So guess what, that means it can be automated and systematized using business rules.<p>We&#x27;ve developed a app called AutoKept as our &#x27;level 1&#x27; product where business owners can &#x27;Talk&#x27; transaction descriptions right into their accounting software. This has generated us over $10,000 MRR since November of 2015.<p>Now we&#x27;re releasing &#x27;level 2&#x27; which will bring a whole new realm of workflow management around documentation and transactional data &#x2F; tasks to the business client and accounting firm. All we have to do now is &#x27;watch&#x27; how the work is being done by the accounts for their clients and step-by-step automate their repeat entries for them.<p>We could be on track to automating 50%+ of this industry, very soon. This is fantastic news for all buiessnesses that are involved since it will save them a ton of money by just letting the machines do the work, and for the bookkeepers, well like all other automation technology - let&#x27;s get on with it and have the humans doing more productive things with their lives.
