# Apply HN: Confessions of a Nun - Make anonymous confession using audio

<a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;confessionsofanun.github.io&#x2F;Landing" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;confessionsofanun.github.io&#x2F;Landing</a><p><i>Make anonymous confession in audio</i><p>There are moments in life when we need to just talk how we are feeling. We often have friends, husbands, wives, pets and even plants that act as an audience for our problems. But they are not always available or are able to interact the way we need.<p><i>No, your dog can not respond.</i><p>Thinking about it I present to you: <i>Confessions of a Nun</i>.<p>A confessions app that supports only audio.
Say what you want and receive forgiveness or punishment from an anonymous.<p>Open the app and Choose: Confess a secret or Hear a confession.<p>After that, choose the Hub and limit the number of listeners.
The listener could vote: Blue, Grey or Red. This vote would act as Karma. In addition, you could answer the audio with another audio. To Help, praise, give some incentive.
This Karma would rank the confessions so that others could choose what they want to hear.<p>You could talk about your ex-girlfriend, complaints of your boss or even express how bad was the ending of the last episode of TWD. You can also share joys of your team, a new job, new love. The disinhibition effect.<p><pre><code>  *Monetization*

  Endorsements of influencers Confessions. Partnership with artists, athletes a brand could call them to make a confession.

  A sponsored Hub where you can talk freely about a product, service or location. The company would receive a report.

  Patron of popular confessions. If your confession happens to become popular, you could accept ads.

  &quot;Suicide Line&quot; . Patrons could sponsor those pre-selected people, indicated by trusted organisations, that are willing to help.

  Message apps. If two people wanted to talk longer it would be linked a messaging app for them to continue the conversation. A deal similar to Mozilla+Bing.</code></pre>
