# Apply HN: Coporter – Secure and searchable contact management for journalists

Coporter is a contact and story management application that allows journalists and content makers to keep track of their sources, notes, and media securely in the cloud. Think of it like a CRM combined with Evernote, but designed around the needs of reporters and newsrooms.<p>In many newsrooms there is increasing pressure on journalists to cover more stories with less resources, but Coporter will make that burden easier. Journalists will be able to store details on sources, notes on conversations they&#x27;ve had, quotes from people they&#x27;ve talked with, links to previous stories they’ve featured in, and even upload photos or video. All of the story data will be searchable and available securely through web or mobile devices. When a journalist wants to find information on a person they spoke with a year or two ago they will have all the information available to them in an instant.<p>Coporter would be available as a free product, but with reduced features. Users will pay to unlock extra features (e.g more storage).<p>I&#x27;ll target the product at individual users but I&#x27;d like to also create an enterprise version that can be sold to media companies and integrated into their publishing workflows. In this version, journalists will be able to work together with other reporters to collect and assemble stories, and share information securely with their co-workers.<p>Why build Coporter? - I&#x27;m a digital producer and journalist with experience working in newsrooms across Australia and I&#x27;ve noticed a need for a tool to help with the reporting process. Whilst there are some tools to help find stories on social media or to help you publish content - there aren&#x27;t any useful tools to help with the day-to-day content gathering process.<p>Coporter is a tool that I desperately need to do my job, one that would make my work more efficient, and one that other reporters have told me they also need.<p>YCF would allow me to spend time building Coporter and making this a reality.
