# Apply HN: Hacksplaining – what every web developer needs to know about security

Beta online now: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.hacksplaining.com<p>There&#x27;s a gap in the market for online security training aimed at developers. Most training companies focus on security awareness for regular employees (making sure your receptionist doesn&#x27;t click on phishing emails) or infosec training for security professionals (learning how to perform penetration tests). Developers have to make do with books, blog posts, and online videos.<p>We&#x27;ve taken the most common security vulnerabilities and put together a series of interactive exercises that ask a developer to put themselves in the shoes of a hacker. Next, we show how to protect against these vulnerabilities with real code samples. Finally, we test developers on what they&#x27;ve learnt.<p>The beta launched a few weeks ago and the feedback has been amazing. We hit the front page of reddit (300,000+ page views in one day) and have more than 13,000 sign-ups so far. Our users are consistently telling us the same thing: they have always worried there is a gap in their security knowledge but have generally been too embarrassed to bring it up to their boss.<p>Getting into YC will help us grow the site into a real product. We have a couple of big security firms interested in working with us and a lot of enquiries about the premium version (which will allow employers to invite and track their employees&#x27; progress through the course). There&#x27;s clearly an appetite for the product, and we want to build a business out of it!<p>If you have any questions or feedback, we&#x27;d love to hear from you. :-)
