# Apply HN: Vaultedge – a private Google for your private data

Vaultedge demo : https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.youtube.com&#x2F;watch?v=ufnMZjg5344<p>Problem : Consumers have data in many different places like cloud storage, emails, laptops and offline devices. Trying to find a document which we created or downloaded few months or even days ago will require answering questions like was I at home or office while downloading it, did I receive it over an email or did I store in dropbox? You quickly make an assumption and search for the filename or keywords there and if you don&#x27;t find it you search in other places until you find it or you give up.<p>Vaultedge : is an attempt to help find your document quickly just in few clicks. I personally faced this problem in my previous job as Software Architect and asked people around on what tools they use. Leaving aside few who were well organized, rest of the folks faced the same issue. They would love to have a tool which will allow search across their online and offline content contextually like to search for &quot;last three months of cell phone bills&quot; or &quot;the document on networking send by x&quot;. They were also interested in a grouping capability which groups documents into similar categories so that they can see 
- all their bills in one place
- to highlight the difference between the fluctuating cable or cell phone bills month over month
- to download bills for a month in bulk
- easily find all tax records for a year etc<p>With those two functionalities (Search &amp; Grouping) in mind we are building Vaultedge. Contextual search is something we are still building.<p>About us: 
I have spent all my life (~16 years) building enterprise products for Storage, Data and Analytics, my last job being Architect for Backup products at NetApp. I&#x27;m a sole founder and backend developer now, but in talks with another tech guy to join as co-founder. I also have a awesome frontend engineer in my team as employee.<p>Love to answer your questions, comments and to take feedback.
