# Apply HN: Poor Man's Apple TV

Another jab at cheesy taglines
a) Build your own Roku&#x2F;AppleTv
b) Democratizing Video publishing &#x2F; Video Publishing for the masses
c) Buzzword loaded - (Hyperlocal) Video publishing Infrastructure as a service<p>What is this about?
I am building a system which will allow you to convert your Android phone into a VOD streaming device and serve it to people within 100 mts range without Internet. A system, that will allow anyone to provide on-demand content without any data cost to the end user.<p>What&#x27;s the purpose?
Imagine you are a &lt;Business&gt; willing to provide on-demand content for &lt;Media Type&gt; to &lt;Target Users&gt;.<p>So you can be 
a) An Airport, Shopping Mall, Train station, Hotel serving Entertainment &amp; Movies to Travelers
b) A College serving Educational content to Students&#x2F;Professors
c) A Coffee chain who also wants to entertain customers with Videos
d) TV-rejected channel serving channel content in Trains, Coffee shops etc..<p>Bonus Edge case
e) An user using it as a Settop box to cast available content (based on their subscription) to their TV;<p>Extreme Edge cases
f) Shops pushing formatted content like catalogs, offers
g) NGOs&#x2F;Government using this to push regional content for awareness, education etc.., in remote areas with limited internet connectivity<p>Replace &lt;Business&gt;, &lt;Media Type&gt;, &lt;Target User&gt; with anything. Combinations and possibilities are endless. Whoever you are, you can easily publish content to users at your desired locations.<p>How to make money?
3 most common ways
1) Charge monthly subscription to Businesses for using VooWIN-S, charge $x per GB of content stored etc.
2) Add in-roll advertisements to content for more money, share a part with businesses&#x2F;content creators
3) Create a matte-black sleek box and sell that to businesses as the Local server.
