# Apply HN: Natch – Localized Farmers and Artisans Marketplace

An online farmer&#x27;s market where individuals can buy and sell the things they produce to people in their local marketplace. Each locality will have its own local marketplace, and within it, anybody is able to open up a virtual local shop and sell any goods ranging from homegrown fruits and vegetables, to artisanal cheeses and jams, to craft drinks and snacks. As a shopper on the app, I would be able to purchase any of the available goods that were being sold by the independent producers in my local marketplace.<p>Within each locality, Natch will have a fulfillment center, where it will receive, organize and ship out orders - enabling anybody to do all their shopping from the app, and receive all the goods from the different producers in one shipment.<p>Why I wanted to make this idea is because I’m somebody who prefers buying goods from independent, local and artisan brands and producers. However, it has been difficult to access and consistently support these brands, because farmer’s markets are infrequent and far from me, and buying products individually from many different online stores can be expensive and inconvenient. There was no common place for any startup food brand to try and sell to me whatever new artisan product they had made. So the idea behind Natch was to create a localized marketplace so that any independent and local producer had an open market where they could sell their goods, and where shoppers could more easily find and support them.<p>Live Local :)
