# Apply HN: TestBeacon – Web Automation Testing as a Service

I want to disrupt the web automation &amp; testing space by making it more accessible to QA teams who might not have the technical knowledge to stand up heavier solutions.<p>I built a new automation language and a webapp that allows users to create sharable and composable all without ever leaving the browser.<p>Check out a TestBeacon app demo here (click the Run button and it will test that email validation is working): <a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;app.testbeacon.com&#x2F;workflows&#x2F;demo" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;app.testbeacon.com&#x2F;workflows&#x2F;demo</a><p>Landing page: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.testbeacon.com" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.testbeacon.com</a><p>Language docs: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.flytrap.io" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;docs.flytrap.io</a><p>PROBLEM
- Standing up web automation testing is tough. Maintaining it is tougher. Lots of dependencies to install, and learning new automation languages can be a chore. QA teams can benefit immensely from automation but the high technical level usually means they don&#x27;t leverage it as much as they could, or worse, forego automation testing altogether.<p>SOLUTION
- TestBeacon is a SaaS that allows users to write and run pass&#x2F;fail automation tests for their own webapps in minutes. Installation is minimal: reference a javascript file in your webapp. Create automations by specifying the URL of your webapp, and writing a script in a new language, Flytrap. TestBeacon will run automations inside an iframe (or eventually a child window).<p>DETAILS at <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pastebin.com&#x2F;Et1mVJ6H" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pastebin.com&#x2F;Et1mVJ6H</a>
- Pastebin link (<a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pastebin.com&#x2F;Et1mVJ6H" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;pastebin.com&#x2F;Et1mVJ6H</a>) answers a bunch of questions that I would ask someone who&#x27;s asking me for money.  Please check it out and I&#x27;d be happy to expand on anything!
