# Apply HN: Pearlo.co -- Storytelling as a Strategy for Process Improvement

No-code, Cloud-based tool allowing non-technical users to model&#x2F;improve process flows via Natural Language Processing<p>1. The user tells the story of the current process and how it works 
2. The tool creates a model based on this story 
3. The model comes with (a) an assigned score to let the user know how well the current process works and (b) a set of recommendations to improve this process<p>explainer graphic:  <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;image-store.slidesharecdn.com&#x2F;ebd81b77-aa9c-4cd7-952b-1012c3e3778d-large.jpeg" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;image-store.slidesharecdn.com&#x2F;ebd81b77-aa9c-4cd7-952b...</a><p>It is like the difference between getting out a paper map and a ruler and a pencil to document the roads one needs to take in order to get from one place to the next VS yelling &quot;Siri, where&#x27;s a Starbucks&quot; and spending time and creative energy on other things while the tool does the think-work.
The tool will be subscription-based with the first model offered for free. The subscription is $1600 per year and gives the user access to model improvement capabilities, best practices in the industry, white papers and other useful templates and use cases, etc. The users realize that each model is a living organism that can remain in queue and be revisited at any time (<a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;projects.invisionapp.com&#x2F;share&#x2F;GW43FI8MS#&#x2F;screens&#x2F;99..." rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;projects.invisionapp.com&#x2F;share&#x2F;GW43FI8MS#&#x2F;screens&#x2F;99...</a>)<p>My primary competition is non-consumption. Firms (especially fast-paced tech firms) will just bootstrap a solution using MS Visio or some other simple software application with no business intelligence behind the drawings. In other cases, firms spend a lot of money on consultants or on robust software and a team to learn how to use it. They often get lost in the process of process improvement with very little impact on the bottom line.<p>My solution democratizes the process improvement activity. Anyone can use it and get quick ROI in the form of scoring (how is our process structure?) and a set of recommendations (how can we improve our process structure?). My solution is no-code and harnesses the power of storytelling via natural language processing.<p>People don&#x27;t want to hunker down for a 5-12 month process improvement engagement from which they emerge with a binder of great drawings and technical documentation to accompany those drawings. They want to visually represent the way they are doing business, show it to the whole team, get consulted on out how to improve current operations, make those improvements as quickly as possible and move on to the next area of the business that needs improving. Fast. Easy. Visible Improvement.
