# Apply HN: Wantobuy – Post items you want so sellers can sell them to you

Demo: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.wantobuythat.com&#x2F;demo.html" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.wantobuythat.com&#x2F;demo.html</a><p>Problem: Within online trading forums, including Facebook Groups, users post what they want in the hope that sellers will get in touch and make the sale. Yet, these &#x27;want to buy&#x27; posts aren&#x27;t standardised or searchable so it&#x27;s impossible for sellers to see your post and for you to get the items you need.<p>This issue is bigger than just online communities too, there&#x27;s currently no central hub for people to post what they want to buy which is viewable to sellers.<p>Wantobuy: We&#x27;re standardising &#x27;want to buy&#x27; posts so that if you&#x27;re selling something you can see who wants to buy it, how much they&#x27;re willing to pay and then sell for the highest price. We&#x27;re taking this one step further and once users post something they want we&#x27;ll search top retail platforms (Amazon, eBay etc.) to see if it&#x27;s already available online and show the user &#x27;wheretobuy&#x27; it.<p>About us: Jack (21) and Sam (22) who have known each other for 11+ yrs and built stuff together in the past (Check out Spaces, which we got to 30th on the App Store without spending any money - <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;needa.space" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;needa.space</a>).  We&#x27;re big on sneaker and streetwear Facebook groups (yes, we have camped out for sneakers a few times..) and so will target these first before scaling to further product categories. We&#x27;re applying because we&#x27;re determined to learn from the YC network, plus we&#x27;re about to graduate so the money would massively help us survive whilst we build Wantobuy.<p>So far: Over the past few months, we&#x27;ve interviewed Facebook Group admins, given them a demo of the app to play with and received extremely useful feedback.<p>Any feedback, questions or comments would be super useful too!
