# Apply HN: SecondInnings – Provide Second Chance to Senior Citizens(For India)

Probably its too early for me as I just started exactly 2 weeks back, but any feedback is welcome and much appreciated. 
Problem:- An average Indian 60+ year young man would have made numerous sacrifices and&#x2F;or compromises for their family. But now that their kids are settled and perhaps have kids of their own, these folks have much free time to spare. This is the time when the feeling &quot;I wish I had an opportunity to do XXXX&quot; comes in.
Our Solution:- Second Innings is especially for these folks who would like to do stuff what they might have missed earlier. We offer our platform (a combination of website and mobile apps). To begin with, we have classified these unsatisfied aspirations into 5 major categories:-
a) Art - Such as learning singing, dancing, painting, sculpting etc 
b) Travel - Be it for religious reasons or simply for the thrill of it
c) Learn &amp; Teach - a language, a topic (e.g a computer language), or teach something from their vast experience 
d) Hangout - Just hangout with like minded individuals
e) Charity - Donate or volunteer for a cause<p>How will it make money:- Commission basis from various service providers<p>Target Market:- Senior &#x2F; retired citizens (60 to 70 age group) who can use the internet or smartphone with little assistance.
About me:- I am Praful and am the solo founder at the moment. This is my second startup and earlier I have co-founded an Edtech startup. I hold a Masters degree in engineering and I am also the developer. I spoke to over 250 senior citizens, mostly in  Mumbai and Hyderabad to build the wish list.<p>Timeline:- Beta website  will be done by May 2016 and the Android app will also be ready by then.
