# Apply HN: utiliz.co – revolutionizing how consumers buy electricity

Electricity deregulation is awesome, boring, confusing and hard. Over the last decade 14 states have deregulated utilities so consumers get a choice of suppliers. Power comes from the same place, down the same lines, on the same bill, but a wholesale supplier can buy from the utility at low prices and markup the price to the consumer.<p>The problem is the consumer must then search for the best price, decide how long to commit, figure out if the fees are worth it, is the energy green enough, will the rate be better next month etc. It gets complicated fast. They must also remember to switch before the term ends to avoid sticker shock as the rate spikes at expiry. No wonder only half of eligible consumers switch from their incumbent supplier—the system is biased towards big energy.<p>Utiliz fixes all this. Customers simply send us a picture of their bill and we take it from there. We track the market daily, find the best plans and times to switch our customers’ suppliers, and do so automatically as often as needed. As the best plans are short term we can save customers a lot of money through frequent switching, something that would be difficult, time-consuming and annoying to do themselves. We work transparently in the background; our customers never have to think about where they’re getting their electricity and have peace of mind knowing they’re always on the best plan. As our user base grows we’ll be able to negotiate even better rates with suppliers and pass all of the savings on ensuring our users stay with us.<p>Unlike traditional energy brokers we’ll never take money from a power company or add a spread over supplier prices. We’ll be paid a transparent, fair, flat annual fee by our customers.<p>The opportunity is huge: potential customers include all retail electricity consumers in deregulated states. Eventually we’ll leverage our scale and technology to also serve the commercial electricity and natural gas markets.<p>utiliz.co Save your energy℠
