# Apply HN: Seedrunners – Invest in a new startup portfolio every month

Link: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.seedrunners.com&#x2F;" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.seedrunners.com&#x2F;</a><p>Every month, Seedrunners gives you the opportunity to invest in a new startup portfolio.<p>How does it work?<p>Every month, a new batch of startups – led by top students and graduates - is ranked by a community of students, professors and alumni from the best schools in the world (as well as investors).<p>During this month, community members can:<p>• Upvote and discuss their favorite startups<p>• Anyone (meeting our investor requirements) can invest in a pool of the best-ranked startups<p>At the end of each month, Seedrunners invests in the top 5 to 25 most upvoted startups with the money collected from investors.<p>Why should I invest on Seedrunners?<p>Every month, Seedrunners allows you to seamlessly invest in a portfolio of up to 25 startups with a single investment.<p>What’s more? You can opt to automatically invest in a new startup portfolio every month, allowing you to build exposure to hundreds of high-potential startups – effortlessly.<p>Why should entrepreneurs apply to Seedrunners?<p>Seedrunners allows entrepreneurs looking to launch their startup to quickly build up their user base, receive qualitative feedback, and obtain the necessary funding to fully execute on their startups.<p>To apply to Seedrunners, startups must possess at least one co-founder from a top-tier school (student or graduate), a prototype and an incorporated company.<p>About us: Simon and I are cousins and Seedrunners is our second startup. Simon is a software engineer at BNP Paribas New York where he helped build the bank’s market place for structured products. I am a student at ESCP Europe (a French business school) with 12 months of experience in corporate finance.<p>Why We&#x27;re Applying: Given our similarities with Y Combinator (even more so now with the recent launch of “Apply HN”), we would probably learn more from Y Combinator than from any other program or investor.<p>We welcome all feedback and questions!
