# Apply HN and Feedback: Kaleidoscope Corp (Centralizing Health Database)

I would love some input from the HN community about this idea we are purposing as of now. Maybe in my head I feel this is a need in the world, but I might be wrong.  With some feedback, we can improve on what we are making.<p>Currently, we are trying to create a centralized health data infrastructure to be used for the health industry. A health database where we can finally connect our health records together. In the health industry, every healthcare facilities, hospitals, and health record companies all do their own database to store patient&#x27;s health record. This creates a problem where if you were to go to see a new doctor or check into a new hospital, they will never have any record of you. You would have to experience questionnaire paperwork about your medical history. Clearly no one remember every detail about their past medical experience or medications and so much time is wasted while you are ill. With a centralized health database, wherever you go, any physicians can be able to obtain your information.<p>That&#x27;s from a patient’s perspective, but for doctors and hospitals it gives easy accessibility to work with other doctors. Physicians can be update what past medications you have taken and what works. Hospitals can know what kind of patient they are dealing with when a new patient enters their facility.  We will also provide the necessary security to protect the patient’s data. By being a centralized health database, doctors be doctors and hospitals can spend less on IT instead of become a tech company.<p>Health starts with us. It&#x27;s been long enough where we have let the health industry try to mold itself into the digital age, but the health industry is having a hard time to adapt to today&#x27;s technology. If patients do not stand up for what they want from the health industry and doctors, our health will not improve better for the future and you will still be in the waiting room filling out paperwork for the past 30 min.
