# Apply HN: Datalba – Your personal media search engine

Datalba’s mission is to make sure all of your personally relevant media stays organized and searchable.<p>First and foremost: Knowing what matters to you. Datalba comes to know your preferences with a minimum of distraction. An occasional question or confirmation is enough to organize a mountain of data according to your tastes, and if you ever change your mind is easy for you let us know.<p>We make your images and videos searchable by content. You can search through your photo, article and video collection by who was involved, what was happening, where it was or when you were paying attention to it.<p>“What color was my birthday cake again?&quot;<p>“Show me my little Sophie!&quot;<p>“What happened last night?&quot;<p>Have you ever been frustrated that you just can’t seem to find that video again? No matter what you come up with to search for it it just won’t come up for you.<p>You can save images and video that you find online or on services like Facebook in your collections, and retrieve them anytime with half-remembered descriptions.<p>“You know, that one movie… with the guy who had the hair, and that thing that happened with the car...&quot;<p>Are you tired of spending so much time sorting through folders and sifting through links to manage that ever growing body of unmanaged things? You don’t have to lose your stuff.<p>Typical search show undifferentiated piles of junk you’ve never seen or heard of. Why bother with that when you can pull up exactly what you need, what you care about.<p>Try Datalba: Your personal media search engine.
