# Apply HN: Let’s Fix Live Chat/Support

Problem:<p>1.) Conversations are on the operator’s time and not my own. If I don’t respond quickly enough they’ll exit the chat and I have to start over.<p>2.) I have to be on their website using their chat software. This ties me not only to whatever device I start with, but the specific browser session in many cases.<p>3.) I can typically only use text to communicate.<p>Example:<p>I’m talking to customer service about installing a new headlight on my car and I need to send them an image or a video of what I’m seeing so they can walk me through it. I have to take the conversation to email, which means the back and forth really slows down and it could be days before I have the answer I need.<p>Solution:<p>Live chat needs to be more flexible with integration between the various channels. The same conversation needs to fluidly move from a web-based chat to SMS&#x2F;MMS to phone as necessary.<p>Support via SMS&#x2F;MMS would allow text, images and video to be sent directly from a mobile phone. A chat could also be converted directly to a phone call.<p>This allows the conversation to be on my time and terms. I believe this is what other consumers want and if implemented and used properly I’m confident customer satisfaction would improve.<p>About Me:<p>I sold my last business (10 years, ecommerce) in January and am currently exploring ideas for my next. I do have another business operating currently (web-based translation services) which is profitable and has a staff so it doesn’t require my time. The point of mentioning all that is that I have the time, expertise and funds for living so I can start another business and give it my focus.<p>I’m applying to YC for the guidance and network, which I believe would both be important factors in me making this idea a success since it is a scale I’ve not worked at before. Previously I’ve had revenue in 7 figures, but I want to shoot for 8 or 9 with this next business.
