# Apply HN: openastro – an open stack for the space industry

PROBLEM<p>Finding the right parts for your satellite is time-consuming and inefficient: matching specs consumes a lot of engineering man-hours. Why can&#x27;t it be as easy as shopping for a laptop, cell phone or flight?<p>SOLUTION<p>We&#x27;ve launched a satellite parts search engine: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;satsearch.co. Satsearch will deliver parametric-search for the space industry for engineering, procurement and market analysis.<p>We are building a set of open-source &amp; open-data tools to break open the traditionally conservative space sector. Satsearch belongs to this set of tools. We have open-sourced a number of simulation libraries: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;openastro.<p>TEAM<p>I am an Aerospace Engineer with 10+ years of experience developing software for mission analysis, trajectory design and mission planning. I&#x27;ve directly faced the pain of trying to find parts for mission concepts that I&#x27;ve worked on. I am founder of the thriving Tudat library (http:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;tudat) and I&#x27;m finalizing my PhD from Delft University of Technology. My co-founder, Alberto, is a software developer (iOS and Node primarily) with a PhD in Bioengineering from Politecnico di Milano.<p>WHY WE&#x27;RE APPLYING<p>We&#x27;re bootstrapped and could use the money offered through YCF. More than that though, we think that YC is ideal for what we&#x27;re trying to build, given that they&#x27;ve recently supported teams building launchers and small-satellites. We would greatly benefit from access to and mentorship through the YC network.
