# Apply HN: VR ESL MMORPG – VR Video Games in Education

Nickel City Pixels is creating the VR gamification of education. Given the evolutionary psychological origins of play, education is video games&#x27; greatest pairing. Our first title teaches English as a Second Language via VR Role Playing Game. Korea is our entry market.<p>Korea spends 15 billion USD on English education. Results suck. The country&#x27;s broken educational system is a big reason for its record suicide rates. Police raid after-hours schools to ensure students don&#x27;t study past legally mandated curfews! Despite hard work and extravagant spending, Korea ranks just 15 of 20 on IELTS scores.<p>ESL education fails in Asia because the learning materials are written by Romance language speakers. They mistakenly assume Romance language equivalencies are universal (this is also a reason for the failure of machine translations). The world&#x27;s majority of ESL learners face obstacles that are too numerous to list here. Shockingly, these issues are not addressed by educators simply because they do not know any better.<p>Exception: founder Michael Kelley taught ESL overseas while teaching himself Korean. In his spare time he became an award-winning indie developer. Upon returning home he pioneered and taught game development courses at University and is a publishing author on the subject. He currently works to realize the full potential of the video game medium and use it to do some good!<p>As a result we have a unique understanding of the aforementioned obstacles and an ability to create a far greater level of engagement and immersion than has ever been possible. Nothing does engagement and immersion better than video games. Not coincidentally, engagement and immersion are the hallmarks of a successful language learning curriculum.<p>There&#x27;s a global need for greater communication and understanding. The VR gamification of (ESL) education can and will cure societal ills, empowering a new generation as never before. Nickel City Pixels will help to make it so!
