# Apply HN: Remember – Intelligently search all of your files from one place.

Hello HN!<p>Remember is an intelligent personal search engine that lets you find every moment of your digital life.<p>We connect to your computer, phone, wearables and the services you use (Facebook, Twitter, mobile apps, etc.) and make all of your data searchable from one place. Going a step further, we run machine learning algorithms on all of your files to understand context so you can search using natural language.<p>We lose so much time looking for our files; be it notes, messages, photos, videos, audio recordings.<p>&quot;Let me show you a video I sent Jack it&#x27;s hilarious!&quot; <i>Stares at phone for 15 minutes looking for it</i><p>&quot;I have a breakthrough idea about mitosis, let me write it down.&quot; <i>Never gets back to that note again</i><p>This must end. We want to help maximise human potential, and we think this as close as we can get to having perfect memory with today&#x27;s technology.<p>Founders:<p>Mert Erdir - Experience Design: BA Product Design in Milan, Italy. Ex-brand ambassador for Samsung, Timbuk2, Betabrand.<p>Fun fact: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;gizmodo.com&#x2F;5809621&#x2F;how-to-upgrade-to-ios-5-today-without-any-developer-account" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;gizmodo.com&#x2F;5809621&#x2F;how-to-upgrade-to-ios-5-today-wit...</a><p>Nisan Gulsar - Experience Design: Advertising student. Weteraanikonepaivat (Finland) and Sinfonia di Fiori (Italy) art festivals.<p>Yigit Demirag - AI Researcher: PH-SFT at CERN (Switzerland) , Google Summer of Code, Bilkent University Nanotechnology Research Center<p>Kerem Gunes - Back end dev: KAREL Electronics<p>We know that this is insanely hard to build. We&#x27;re not saying it&#x27;s a piece of cake for us, but we&#x27;re planning to get there by keeping learning and working. If you would love to have instant access to all of your life&#x27;s work and memories, vote for us!<p>Demo: We have a demo, but for technical reasons I can&#x27;t just post it here yet. You can sign up to the newsletter on our website to be the first to know when the beta is out. If you can&#x27;t wait, send me an email and I&#x27;ll send you the demo link: mert@remember.ai<p><a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;remember.ai" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;remember.ai</a>
