# Apply HN: Finch.io – Edit any live website’s design

<a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;finch.io" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;finch.io</a><p>It is nearly impossible to quickly fine-tune or experiment on a live website. E-mails, screenshots and psd&#x27;s are used to communicate the changes between designers, developers, project managers and clients.
We believe that this is wrong. Web professionals should work in a medium that they are creating for.<p>Finch is a visual, collaborative tool which allows users to edit or comment any web site’s design and content directly in the browser. Users can create different versions of the website and share them with their team or client. Finch helps to quickly iterate and test new ideas, improve collaboration across different departments and boost the workflow.
It doesn’t matter how the web site is built – either it’s custom made, a template, Wordpress blog or Shopify shop - Finch will work on top of that.<p>We are a team of two - UX designer and developer. We both come from a full-service digital agency and we faced the same problems every day – there was no painless way to quickly iterate on website&#x27;s design and content after it is developed. We were struggling with making final touches and fulfilling client requests. It took too much time, tools and patience to get it done the right way.<p>Currently we are working on the final steps on our first beta version (the demo on our landing page is just an insight and the real tool is much more powerful).<p>We would love to get some questions or feedback!
