# Apply HN: 72Hours – Covering just one Story for 72 hours

A news site that would cover just one subject for 72 hours.<p>Currently, the news publishers are driven by breaking news. The big reason for this is that although the Internet, as a whole, is easily expandable,  in the traditional news media, these resources are limited. Now is more important than the past.<p>This logic would be reversed in 72hours. It would have a cover news that would trigger several articles on this topic in other areas. Political, economic, social, cultural, technological, sports and world. Each demonstrating the influence of this matter in these other areas. As an example: http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.dailymail.co.uk&#x2F;news&#x2F;article-3049457&#x2F;Where-computer-goes-die-Shocking-pictures-toxic-electronic-graveyards-Africa-West-dumps-old-PCs-laptops-microwaves-fridges-phones.html<p>Over 72 hours a subject like this would be discussed and explored from several angles. Including links to other publications, texts and studies. Would have a forum where readers could comment on the matter, instead of individual sections of comments. Videos, photos, and audios would be exploited to the max. Would have a behind the scenes using Snapchat and Facebook Live.<p>I had this idea when the documentary that a friend produced for TV, was delayed for 5 times to make room for Breaking News. Another example is the movie Spotlight.<p>Currently, there are at least 4 Media &amp; Entertainment Startups Unicorns.<p><i>Ps.:This is just an idea. I have already published my other project that I’m working. If you like 72hours, you can take the idea and produce.</i>
