# Apply HN: Horde.tv – Live stream any show or YouTube video

prototype: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.horde.tv" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.horde.tv</a><p>15 second gif walkthrough: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;i.imgur.com&#x2F;7AGRMnF.gifv" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;i.imgur.com&#x2F;7AGRMnF.gifv</a><p>Why:<p>Live streaming is everywhere (Livecoding, Meerkat, etc), and the interactive experience of watching live + realtime chat is great. But all these apps focus on live broadcasts when there are so many existing videos that would be exciting to watch with a live audience (ie: Bob Ross on Twitch). Not to mention, these existing videos tend to have much higher production value, compared to some live streams on periscope and others.<p>We’ve created a site where anyone can create a live channel of their favorite videos. Everyone is synced to the same second of the video as it plays so you can chat in realtime. Videos are embedded directly from YouTube and Vimeo (original creators still benefit from YouTube ads and revenue).<p>Growth:<p>We’ve partnered with a handful of popular YouTubers to create their own live channels from their YouTube videos. Many YouTubers love the idea of increasing viewership and having a chance to showcase their videos to a live audience.<p>Who’s behind it:<p>We’re a team of two engineers who have worked on several apps together. Hobby YouTuber with over 15 million views.<p>Progress:<p>We’ve built the prototype and are launching it for the first time right now. Neither of us are UI designers so please excuse the mess :) we’re open to comments &amp; suggestions! Or you can email us: hello@horde.tv<p>TLDR: Horde lets you watch youtube videos and tv shows like you’re watching a tv channel (with realtime chat).
