# Apply HN: It's 2:30am; the baby's crying

Let&#x27;s keep it short:<p>There are apps for everything and everyone, but these rarely do exactly what you want. 
Some are more feature-rich (making them too heavy for the one task you need), or too targeted, missing some feature(s) you want.<p>The idea is to provide a cloud-based platform for personalized apps that do a small number of <i>exactly</i> the thing(s) a user might want.<p>But who’s gonna develop these exotic apps?
Let’s make it dead easy for developers to publish small, but smart apps: the platform provides processing, storage, scheduling and integration capabilities, allowing apps to respond to events (e.g., app might run by sending SMS or when a tweet is posted). 
The intent is to strip any overhead hindering developers from publishing pretty much any app they think of or commissioned to develop.<p>Use cases (and I mean actual apps currently used in the pilot stage):<p><pre><code>   1. SMS-based TODO app (enhances feature phone capabilities)

   2. Customized morning SMS weather notifications 
      * customizing info, units and formatting

   3. Tracking and notification of rare but important website updates

   4. Automatic code backup from GitHub to BitBucket 
      * a royal pain otherwise

   5. Apply HN leaderboard and highly-voted newcomers daily email

   6. Near real-time tracking of Wimbledon match results vs. betting odds
      
</code></pre>
I’d appreciate any feedback and elaborate on how the prototype works, share app code examples and answer any questions.<p>* Shameless plug, for someone else: Maciej Ceglowski (of Pinboard, currently apply HN leader) gave a brilliant talk titled ‘Barely succeed! It&#x27;s easier!’. Check it out at goo.gl&#x2F;j2SxTY
