# Apply HN: EcommerceBot – A bot for ecommerce to handle customer support

A platform that would make it dead simple for ecommerce sites to have a bot to help them with customers support.<p>Problem: Live chat has the highest satisfaction rate over email and phone for customer support [1] and is the preferable channel. As companies like Facebook, Telegram, etc make it super simple for customers to connect directly with businesses, having someone in front of a computer to answer questions is not a scalable solution. Ecommerce owners should not spend their time&#x2F;money building and training a bot.<p>Solution: We will provide ecommerce owners a platform where they can get their own support bot up and running with a few clicks. Our service will connect to their ecommerce solution, gather the necessary data, learn their FAQs and with all these information the bot will try to answer customers questions. As more ecommerce companies join the platform and more questions are asked, the bots will become smarter.<p>Who are we? I am Guillermo, a Software Engineer with over 10 yrs of experience working for big companies and started a handful of startups. I have a successful bot running on Slack and the lessons learned there will help me build this platform. Angeli, my wife, has been a PM in the software industry for over 5 years. She has been running an ecommerce for about 4 years with annual revenue in the 6 digits. We recently quite our corporate jobs and became digital nomads, ready to work on this full time.<p>[1] https:&#x2F;&#x2F;econsultancy.com&#x2F;blog&#x2F;63867-consumers-prefer-live-chat-for-customer-service-stats&#x2F;
