# Apply HN: Booksauce – Episodic Videobooks

Problem: People are reading less, specially younger ones, and attention span has declined from 12 to 5 mins in the past 10 years. 63% of people believe books are important, and wish they read more but they don’t because they don’t like reading.<p>Product: We will produce engaging video books. Each video book is about 15 episodes, and each is 7 minutes long. It’d cost only $3,000 to make a book into episodic videos, about double what it costs to make an audiobook. We will develop a platform that will manage the pipeline of videobook creation including editors abridging the book, shooting actors in studios, and visual effects designers and authors working through the production. Custom software further automate the process of adding visual effects and processing the videos. On the other side, we will develop a market place like Audible’s for purchasing and streaming videobooks.<p>Demo: Here’s a sample episode: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.youtube.com&#x2F;watch?v=M9clIRapyJM &amp; an iOS app to try: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;itunes.apple.com&#x2F;us&#x2F;app&#x2F;booksauce&#x2F;id1089945842?ls=1&amp;mt=8<p>What we’ve done so far: an iOS app, and produced the book Think and Grow Rich into a video book, and signed up several authors to have their books produced into videobooks.<p>What Else is Out There to Solve This: Some have done video summaries that run about 5 mins or so for an entire book, but that is too abridged and are barely good enough to know the topics the book covers.<p>Revenue Stream: Books will be sold in our platform at $9.99, with 20-25% going to a book’s right-holders.<p>TLDR: A platform for production of episodic video books based on non-fiction books. These video books are divided into 15 episodes of 7 mins, and our goal here is to target millennials and others who no longer have the attention span to read a 300-page book.
