# Apply HN: Grid –  a Decentralized AI Assistant

Problem: The internet allows you to know a lot of things but what it doesn&#x27;t tell is the nitty-gritty details you want to know. And to give you that information, the app&#x2F;web needs to know about you, a lot. And we all know how much we can trust  someone with our data. This gap prevents us from having the connected experience we deserve, from knowing more about our vicinity and often forces us to make uninformed decisions.<p>Solution: A mobile application which creates a decentralized network using Bluetooth and WiFi and uses this network to power the AI assistant. The AI learns from your activities, preferences and routine and gives you suitable notifications when you need it. All your personal information and everything the AI learns is kept on your phone only. And if someone on the Grid makes a query that needs your data then it is properly anonymized first.<p>Extra feature: Just like any network, Grid also supports running applications over it. Anyone can make simple plugins for the network!<p>Status: The app can create a network and has been tested(It sometimes crashes on Android 5+ devices :p but me and my team are close to fixing that). The plugin framework is also complete and just the documentation is left. We are now focused on the AI part, and we believe we can have an alpha by the mid of may.<p>Background: We are a team of 6 and are practically in our final year of college. We are classmates and have know each other for more than 2 years and we have been working on this idea for the past 11 months.<p>The idea could sound quirky or boring, and I really really would like to know your opinion, your remarks, your rant. I am all ears to what you have to say.<p>Looking forward to your comments :D
