# Apply HN: Better than Google

Problem: Today, people spend hours searching for sustainable products and services. They end up browsing through apps, blogs and online reviews. Existing services such as Yelp and Google Maps offer little guidance and users end up with information overload.<p>We started Sure to make this process easier. Interviewing our target users validated our key assumption: finding sustainable options should be as easy as finding the closest McDonalds. The market in Europe alone is 56.8M, and with more than 75% willing to pay more for sustainable goods, the need we’re meeting is both prominent and growing.<p>Solution: Sure is a Facebook Messenger chatbot for finding and buying sustainable products and services. Powered by human assisted AI and using data capture and machine learning, Sure provides personalised recommendations for sustainable consumption curated from a crowdsourced database.<p>Why YCF: In March, our MVP had a monthly growth rate of 64% and with F8 earlier this week, we’ve tripled our number of active users and received over 1,500 messages just in 1 day. As The Guardian put it, Sure is one of the earliest chatbots on Messenger that actually manages to achieve the conversational UI but we need to expand to other cities and add product lines fast enough to keep up with the demand.<p>We would love to hear your feedback here and will be happy to answer any questions. Before that, go ahead and try Sure at m.me&#x2F;besure.io<p><a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;besure.io&#x2F;" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;besure.io&#x2F;</a><p><a href="https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.theguardian.com&#x2F;technology&#x2F;2016&#x2F;apr&#x2F;13&#x2F;facebook-army-chatbots-messenger-news-sports" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.theguardian.com&#x2F;technology&#x2F;2016&#x2F;apr&#x2F;13&#x2F;facebook-...</a>
