# Apply HN: The ParaWing – Parasailing Meets Hang Gliding and Jetpacks

Problem: 
Personal flight progress has been limited, and is a field ripe for further disruption.<p>Solution: 
An innovative wing design patent employed to create a personal flight unit.<p>Overview:
The ParaWing is fundamentally a combination between Parasailing and Hang Gliding concepts. What sets the ParaWing apart from normal approaches is that the wing design is based on a researched avenue to increase performance using specific characteristics. The basic idea of having a ‘tow vehicle’ like a pickup truck in which to mount a base is the platform by which testing of the flight unit can be done using progressively more realistic simulations.<p>Having the ParaWing tow-flight concept is a test-bed to prove that the wing design and math will work. What isn’t immediately clear is if the creation will enable adding powered flight. The short-term goal is to reach a prototype for wind-tunnel&#x2F;real-world testing, and the long-term goal is to get the unit functional in tow-flight and iterate power sources to be able to disconnect and aviate akin to Yves Rossy, aka “Jetman.”<p>At first I’m not exactly sure of the market potential – or liabilities. What I am sure about is that this idea offers a path to a future where personal flight is actually viable. It took a lot of effort and risk to get aviation where it is today, and I want to be on the forefront of what tomorrow might bring.<p>My background in aviation is something I’ve been around my entire life. I’ve studied technological advancements in hardware, software, and materials like composites with relentless passion. Once this idea came to me, I knew it’d be headline material. Now, I want to get selected in this process to bring it into reality. It’s 2016, and we should have jetpacks by now!<p>The following graphic from 2012 gets the spirit on paper as I originally conceived it: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;imgur.com&#x2F;TalG2BL" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;imgur.com&#x2F;TalG2BL</a><p>Thanks for your time reviewing and I look forward to discussing this project!
