# Apply HN: CaptionMagic – Create Professional Looking Captions on Photos with AI

It’s difficult to to create good looking color captions on photos that are always clearly readable and harmonious with the photo.  CaptionMagic uses AI to automatically finds the best color, position and size for your caption on the photo and then allows you to customize it. It also ensures captions are readable by folks with all major forms of color blindness.<p>Here are a few examples: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.instagram.com&#x2F;captionmagic&#x2F;<p>Here’s a quick demo of the app, please share your comments on the video in HN and how you think I can improve it (on a budget):
https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.youtube.com&#x2F;watch?v=h4VTpccuWq4<p>If you have an iPhone 6 or 5 you can download the app for free and try it out for yourself.  Note, it’s fun to add a caption in the app’s camera and see it update dynamically: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;itunes.apple.com&#x2F;us&#x2F;app&#x2F;captionmagic-finds-best-caption&#x2F;id1002961335 or search “CaptionMagic” one word. Please share your experience.<p>Over 2 billion photos are shared everyday from smartphones and this is a great way to enhance and share those moments.  It’s integrated with iMessage, Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, Snapchat, Whatsapp, Pinterest and also useful for creating captioned photos for slides, blog posts, memes (e.g. imgur) and small business ads.  My business model is to give the app away to consumers for free and license the technology to companies who would like to integrate the tech into their apps.<p>I have filed a fairly extensive patent application on it.  I’ve been working on this app (and its SDK) for 18 months full-time by myself, bootstrapping because I believe in and am truly passionate about mainstreaming this new technology.<p>I still need to spend time and focus on marketing. Please comment with any help or suggestions you have on any of these areas.<p>You can read more about my past startup experiences at:  https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.linkedin.com&#x2F;in&#x2F;hamiltonhitchings<p>Thanks.<p>Hamilton
