# Apply HN: Prime finds your best time to post to social media

Problem: Platforms such as Twitter and Instagram have average engagement rates lower than 5%. That means that all the time you spend preparing amazing posts and building a huge following is put to waste, because many of your followers are never actually seeing your content.<p>Solution: Prime’s patent pending algorithm analyzes tens, even hundreds, of thousands of personalized data points at rapid speeds. This is specifically useful for brands and companies with large international audiences across many different timezones.<p>Prime&#x27;s currently launched on iOS for Instagram (www.primeforinstagram.com). We&#x27;ve seen engagement rates organically increase by over 30% for users who post at their &quot;Prime time&quot; as calculated by Prime. Prime was featured on the home page of Product Hunt and has since also had some really great reviews on social media marketing blogs alongside platforms like Buffer (blogs including PH Creative and Netted). We are now really focused on expanding our user base and working with more global brands.<p>We&#x27;re looking for initial funding to build our team and expand the reach of our product; namely, to Twitter and a business based subscription service (which would include deeper analysis, more frequently updating information, and monthly reports for businesses as a form of monetization). We&#x27;re also talking with a number of the biggest social media platforms about licensing Prime&#x27;s powerful algorithm.
