# Apply HN: Open Rover – open outdoor robotics

Apply HN: Open Rover - open outdoor robotics platform
http:&#x2F;&#x2F;openrover.com&#x2F; a bit out of date<p>The goal of this company is to create a standardized outdoor robotics platform, similar to what the Turtlebot is for indoor robotics.  The platform will be comprised of 2, 4 or 6 wheels versions with custom motor controllers.  The wheels are scooter hub motors( 36V 250 watts).  The two wheel platform will just be used as a proof of concept&#x2F;test platform for motor controller development.  The 4 and 6 wheel models use a rocker-boogie suspension.  Each motor will initially have a dedicated battery pack.  The motor controllers will be an open source 3 phase brushless controllers based on the arduino.   The controllers will communicate via USB to an arm board running linux and ROS(Nvidia X1). The goal is to provide customers with a clean navigation API so that customers can focus on building their application on the platform.  Addition functionality and hardware accessories can be added over time.<p>The business model would be similar to Makerbot’s initial kit model.  The basic kit will allow users to easily build the rover saving costs on labor.  Fully assembled and tested models will be available as well.  The company would also create applications itself e.g. fruit picking, lawn mowing, or package delivery<p>The goal the of fellowship would be to get the 2 wheeled proof of concept working with the motor controllers and off the shelf hub motors and a basic control framework e.g remote control with a phone.
