# Apply HN: Scriber – Micropayment Platform for Publishers

URL: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.scriber.io&#x2F;<p>Scriber is a micropayment platform which publishers can easily integrate with, and that offers a seamless transaction interface.<p>Most of us have probably been asked to either turn off our ad-blockers or sign up for a subscription when browsing various news sites. And it is a fair request, since those are currently the only sources of income for most publishers. The problem is that the ad industry has pushed the envelope so far that most people have had enough; intrusive ads that distract from the reading experience, tracks you across the web, and at worst infects you with malware, have become the industry norm. And most readers aren&#x27;t willing to commit to a subscription.<p>We believe it&#x27;s time to explore a different revenue model for online publishing, and seamless micropayments is the solution that is the most promising. The concept has been around for many years, but it&#x27;s only recently that the public has become truly comfortable with it through in-app purchases using their smartphones. There are mainly two factors driving the change, the first is its &quot;micro&quot; nature, the price is low enough to not warrant much deliberation. The second is its ease of use, the payment system is built into the phone&#x27;s OS, so most of the time you simply click &quot;Accept&quot; and then you&#x27;re done.<p>We want to let publishers offer their readers the same experience.<p>We&#x27;ve created a prototype at https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.scriber.io with an accompanying publication http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.getexplorerr.com&#x2F;. We have yet to implement an actual payment gateway. Please have a look, trying it out from both a reader&#x27;s and publisher&#x27;s point of view. You can log into the publisher account that is connected to the aforementioned publication here: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.scriber.io&#x2F;publishers#demo<p>Please let us know what you think, any feedback is greatly appreciated!
