# Apply HN: (be) Nice.AI – A personal assistant for business powered by AI

Problem: We spend a lot of time doing some low value tasks like sending the same emails for prospection with the same presentation again and again and recontacting prospects each week hoping these people will answer. The same happens when you need to contact n times one of your customers for an unpaid invoice.<p>Solution: a nice AI called Joy who can help you to manage your business. It can alert you when a prospect doesn&#x27;t answer one of your e-mails or it can even talk to him directly if you want. No tools, no sign-up, all you need is to CC joy@nice.ai in your email.<p>Background: We are two tech guys in our thirties from France. We started a previous startup called Vadequa: company culture survey and culture fit assessment.<p>Idea: After six years in our startup, we learned one thing: for our next company we need to develop a product for a real need. Culture fit assessment was a &quot;nice to have&quot; in France not a &quot;must to have&quot;. For the last two years we have been looking for an idea which we can build with our experience and strengths. Among all these ideas, we think the most promising is nice.ai. Why? Because at Vadequa, we realized that there was too much personalization in the sale process to be scalable. So now we want to focus on a more scalable startup. That is precisely where this idea comes from: automating what has been the weak point of our previous startup : the sales process.<p>https:&#x2F;&#x2F;nice.ai<p>Looking forward to your comments!
