# Apply HN: xCollabr – gather collective potential

	Often teams&#x2F;organizations don’t even notice how they have a lot to win in working together because of lack of information about what others have been doing and where they are going.<p>Our solution ..<p>Teams currently function as autonomous systems. Through our medium, we want to connect them and enable them to exchange information, discuss on issues affecting them and collaborate on joint initiatives, thereby creating the “Internet of teams”. A new team in an organization should have easy access to relevant institutional knowledge. We wish to enable this cross-pollination of ideas and practices while enforcing various levels of privacy and streamline the process by which tasks are delegated among teams.<p>Execution ..<p>We interviewed 18 student organizations leaders across three campus (including MIT) as part of our market research and when our beta version is complete, we plan to offer them a free trial. First we’ll build a webapp where teams can lay out their vision over some time cycle (e.g a semester for student organizations), visually manage each team member’s tasks, monitor progress, and connect with other teams sharing similar goals.<p>Team … I’m working on this with a co-founder, Aboubacar Karim. I have extensive experience developping webapps, and have been a co-founder at Airspress, an international peer-to-peer delivery service. Aboubacar Karim has a BA in agroeconomics and we’ve worked together on Airspress.<p>Vision…<p>We want to create huge transparent collaboration opportunities. So we consider including VR features in next iterations. These features could include live translation, whiteboards etc.<p>Differentiating factor: Our unique focus on both inwards and outwards collaboration in a team&#x2F;organization is the key differentiating factor. We feel that current apps are intra-organizational oriented. But we will give teams the ability to switch context between intra and extra-organizational collaboration.
