# Apply HN: Startup Timelines

Currently in private beta:<p><a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.startuptimelines.org&#x2F;" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.startuptimelines.org&#x2F;</a><p>We&#x27;re building a wikipedia-like platform for startup founders to help them study the success of other companies.<p>Right now, our site shows screenshots of successful startups and how they evolved over time but we&#x27;re working on adding new kinds of publicly available information such as SEC filings, press coverage, founder interviews, and growth&#x2F;traffic metrics.<p>To see a sample preview of what this could look like check out the Airbnb timeline:<p><a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;startuptimelines.org&#x2F;startup-timelines&#x2F;airbnb" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;startuptimelines.org&#x2F;startup-timelines&#x2F;airbnb</a><p>this is just a fraction of the total amount of information out there on this company.  We think with more money we could get the runway we need to more comprehensively profile companies like Airbnb.  We&#x27;re also working closely with 4 entrepreneurs to learn more about what kind of information would help them out most in their background research.<p>Our goal is to give founders a single timeline with as many data points as possible so they have a dedicated resource when doing background research before starting their own ventures.  Eventually, we&#x27;d love to open up the platform so anyone can contribute content to Startup Timelines.<p>Some success we&#x27;ve experienced so far is that we&#x27;ve added companies to our site at a 20% weekly rate in the first quarter of this year, we&#x27;ve also had 60,000+ visits, and 2-3K shares on social media.  We&#x27;ve also been featured in TechCrunch, Product Hunt, and Entrepreneur magazine.<p>YCF will give us the runway we need to keep the lights on and continue executing on our ambitious mission.  We&#x27;ve been working on this project for about a year now, so, please consider upvoting&#x2F;commenting as we could use any support we can get!  Thanks for reading :)
