# Apply HN: a mobile life-coach AI to make you healthy and productive

Problem: a growing number of people have to rely on themselves to manage a healthy and productive life. Most of them suffer from a lack of discipline and accountability to drive motivation. At the same time the cost of healthcare is increasing for insurers.<p>Specifically: 95% of people we interviewed experience 3 pains when trying to change behaviour: 1) wrong goals (to high, wrong motivation, don’t work with the rest of your routine); 2) when it’s easier not to change they procrastinate; 3) they start but then life get’s in the way (holiday, health issues, relationship trouble etc.) and don’t start again.<p>Today many commit to another person, but they’re not always reliable. Most use to-do lists, calendars or reminders, but they’re easy to ignore. Many do it last minute or not at all, which creates bigger problems down the line. Most people have tried tracking apps, but the vast majority stop using them after a while.<p>Our Solution: a mobile life coach AI that helps you design a healthy, productive daily routine that works for you.<p>A chat bot commits you to your goals through social and financial (dis)incentives and the ability to check wether you’ve really done something (e.g. wake-up earlier or go to the gym). It coaches you along the way and uses past data as well as community discussions and feedback to become a better coach. A community and lots of gamification elements provide extra motivation.<p>It’s social, fun, and it literally changes your life.<p>The big opportunity lies in helping insurers understand human behaviour and incentives to reduce the cost of healthcare in the future.<p>Thoughts?
