# Apply HN: Simple paywall and micropayment add-on for your website

Hi HN users,<p>we&#x27;ve built a simple add-on which allows website owner to individually paywall content. Add-on allows website visitor to micropay anywhere between 5 to 15 cents to access a paywalled content. Check up an explanatory GIF at: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;zen.market<p>Ad-generated revenue keeps falling. Some publishers have installed soft paywalls which push website visitors to start monthly subscriptions. However, the way paywalls are usually implemented is unfriendly and discourages visitors from paying. Most publishers report that only 0.1-0.3% of their site&#x27;s visitors become paying customers.<p>Micropayments is a visitor-friendly option for earning revenue from your content. We recently surveyed 338 visitors of news websites (news websites in Google Consumer Surveys network, USA, age 18-44) and asked about their preferred payment method for the online content:<p>https:&#x2F;&#x2F;s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com&#x2F;zenmarket&#x2F;338.png<p>Over 84% of respondents preferred a pay-as-you-go paywall with micropayments.<p>If you&#x27;d like to demo the paywall as a website visitor, please go to:
http:&#x2F;&#x2F;asiatoworld.com&#x2F;2016&#x2F;03&#x2F;07&#x2F;there-are-worlds-biggest-and-deepest-lakes-located-in-asia-it-is-amazing&#x2F;
Email: demo@zen.market
Password: demo<p>We&#x27;ve signed up one blogger so far and I am currently working on getting warm introductions and setting up meetings with LA-based publishers. We&#x27;re based in LA.<p>I would be very grateful for any feedback and any advice on B2B sales from HN community!<p>Thanks!
