# Apply HN: Uggozi- Let your travel photos and blogs inspire more people to travel

Android app: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;play.google.com&#x2F;store&#x2F;apps&#x2F;details?id=com.uggozi<p>The goal is to create a community where travellers and explorers can inspire dreamers to travel. There are so many great blogs written by travellers but most of them get buried in Google&#x2F;Bing&#x2F;&lt;Your favorite search engine here&gt; search. Likewise there are so many great travel photos taken by travellers but apart from just commenting and sharing there is not much that can be done with these photos on existing social networks.<p>Meet Uggozi- where anybody can:<p>- Submit a photo of a place along with max two links to blogs or articles on the internet that describe the place.<p>- Set any gorgeous photo of a place as wallpaper. Every wallpaper bears the name of the photographer and the place. We believe this will inspire people the moment they open their phones.<p>- Inspire friends and family by sending them an interactive picture postcard.<p>- Read any link and if you like the content of the article or the blog then show your appreciation by &#x27;loving&#x27; it.<p>- See the top loved links to blogs and articles of a place in that place&#x27;s feed.<p>Features that distinguishes us from the rest:<p>- We moderate the photos and the links submitted so that their subject is the place. It should somehow describe the place - it&#x27;s culture, people or natural beauty. But we do not judge the quality of the photo or the content of the link subjectively as we believe in - &quot;beauty lies in the eye of beholder&quot;!<p>- To deliver the best experience, the app shows only the photos which will look good on your phone. So no more blurry photos!<p>- To make exploring fun we have a notion of &#x27;Uggozi Explorer&#x27; which is bestowed on the person who posts the first popular photograph of a geographic location.<p>We believe that Uggozi can be a great place for travellers to promote their blogs and photos by reaching out to more people.<p>If you have any questions or feedback, we&#x27;d love to hear from you!
