# Ask HN: Most comprehensive CVE database?

The official https:&#x2F;&#x2F;cve.mitre.org&#x2F; database seems like it is lacking a lot of information. There is a lot of useful data around CVEs that is not in any centralized source (e.g. referenced changesets, PoC scripts, github projects, etc) that could be collated into a master database of CVEs that would be very useful.<p>Has there been any attempt at making the most comprehensive CVE database possible?<p>Specifically, data I would be interested in for each CVE, where available:<p>1) The source diff of the patch applied to fix the vulnerability, i.e. the &quot;before&#x2F;after&quot; of the critical section of code<p>2) The bindiff of the binary before and after patching the vulnerability<p>Is this available anywhere?<p>The reason I ask is because I think this could lend itself to a really cool machine learning system for identifying unknown vulnerabilities. The trick would be to use the code from previous vulnerabilities to determine what &quot;vulnerable&quot; code looks like, and then find code similar to it.<p>rough idea:<p>DATA COLLECTION PHASE:<p>1) Collect the before&#x2F;after code of all previous vulnerabilities<p>2) Use the before&#x2F;after code to identify the &quot;critical section&quot; that caused the vulnerability<p>3) Convert the &quot;critical section&quot; to its AST representation<p>TRAINING PHASE:<p>1) Determine the best ML algorithms to use for comparing AST representations<p>2) Using labeled inputs of &quot;vulnerable&quot; and &quot;safe&quot; AST representations, train the ML system to recognize a &quot;vulnerable&quot; AST<p>IDENTIFICATION OF NEW VULNERABILITIES PHASE:<p>1) Download open source code bases<p>2) Somehow prioritize which code to convert to AST<p>3) Convert code to AST and feed to ML system to determine likelihood of &quot;vulnerability&quot;<p>4) Apply some combination of static and manual analysis to verify the vulnerability<p>5) Use results as further feedback to train the ML system<p>Is anyone familiar with something like this existing?
