# Apply HN: Chat Ben – Reddit for Video Chat

Url: https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.chatben.co<p>Chat Ben is reddit for video chat. On the right side of the screen, you’ll see the person you’re chatting with, and on the left side, you’ll see a particular post (e.g. youtube video, gif, text post, a link, etc.) and you can advance through content together. Chat Ben puts you in a one-on-one video chat with another human being <i>but</i> with a particular piece of content to talk about.<p>Instead of just throwing you in a chat with a stranger, the content on the left gives you something to talk about and react to. Don’t like it? Just click “next topic” and keep flowing through content! You can leave a video “reaction”, recording a quick video comment that everyone can see, or write a comment on the wall of that post.<p>I’ll be getting on for a couple hours starting at 7 PM PST tonight (4&#x2F;26) and again tomorrow (4&#x2F;27, same time). If you miss this post, just sign up and I’ll email you before the next Chat Ben Night!<p>My website is still early, but it&#x27;s been growing! We have a weekly “Chat Ben Night” to get everyone together and make sure there are lots of conversations (last week 111 different reaction videos were uploaded, up from 0 the previous week). I encourage everyone to have a beer, be easy, and chat with a friend or turn a stranger into a friend.<p>My goal is to put humanity back on the internet. An amazing part of communicating on the internet is the ability to find people all around the world who share the same passions and interests. But too often, the internet is dehumanizing and people hidden behind screens don’t see the humanity in the people they are communicating with. I’d like people to be nice to one another on the internet again, and I think Chat Ben can change the way we interact with people online. As the website grows, I’d like to introduce something like subreddits, and other forms of content like polls, videogames, shared online shopping experiences, and more.<p>Chat Ben on!<p>-Ben
