# Apply HN: Mankind– Curates and Crowdsources for Ventures That Can Get Us to Mars

URL: movemankind.com&#x2F;<p>PROBLEM&#x2F;OPPORTUNITY – Ventures that can help mankind go to Mars (in the fields of genetics, AI, renewable energy and space)<p>Ventures could do with more support from the masses beyond crowdfunding - SpaceX needed dairy farming machinery for its prototypes and Tesla needed accounting advice.<p>PROBLEM&#x2F;OPPORTUNITY - Contributors<p>People already help to better the world by volunteering and signing petitions. However, we have no way of supporting sustainable ventures that can determine the future of the human race. 
With interest in space, genetics and all things survivalist at an all-time high, we think the opportunity is ripe to get people involved with such ventures.<p>MARKET OPPORTUNITY<p>Early-stage companies in the fields of genetics, AI, clean energy and space currently spend $13.5mn on online job ads a year.<p>No. of early stage companies in relevant sectors: 2,921 (CAGR: 10.6%)<p>Average no. of hires per company per year: 13<p>Average cost per online job ad: $475<p>Likelihood of a start up in these sectors advertising jobs online: 75%<p>2,921 x 13 x $475 x 0.75 = $13.5mn<p>CONDUCIVE MARKET TRENDS<p>1.	We are at the beginning of a Fourth Industrial Revolution and high-tech companies in fields such as genetics and A.I. are forecasted to play an outsized role in job creation.<p>2.	Online recruitment is growing 50% annually.<p>3.	The nature of work is becoming more flexible and driven by interests rather than money.<p>4.	Increase in co-creation. E.g. open source, feedback on HN, crowdfunding sites like IndieGoGo are shifting from just providing crowdfunding to helping ventures build their products.
