# Apply HN: “Connecting” People – A New Social App

Problem: The irony is the more “connected” we are, the less “connected” we become. With the advent of social networks like Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, although they make it “easy” for us to connect with our friends and loved ones, we also don’t really connect with them anymore. Back in the days, when we only had phones or nothing at all, we would go meet our friend because we valued them. Now technology has made it “easier” yet more difficult to have real meaningful human connections.<p>The Product: The product is a mobile app that uses online technology to drive offline connections. Similar to the idea of a buddy bench (https:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.youtube.com&#x2F;watch?v=dFqxqzI71Ic), people can go on the mobile app to find others to hang out and play. It is based on location and also friends in your network and their friends.<p>So, let’s say you don’t have any plans for the night but want to hang out at the nearby bar for a drink to watch the Warriors Game.<p>You can use the app, to announce that you are available to hangout. You pick the idea of hangout, the time, and location and your friends nearby will be able to see it. Your friends respond and connect. Your friend’s friends will also see if it they decide to go and can invite them as well.<p>Monetization: The app is centered around neighborhoods and proximity&#x2F;closeness of someone to others. As the community builds traction, the app can introduce ways to incorporate local small business bookings. i.e. reserve 5 seats at the bar. Etc Businesses can also get a better idea of who is coming into their storefronts.<p>Team: I am an entrepreneur who recently sold my business. I come from Augmented Reality tech and have deep experience in driving revenues for businesses. I am looking for a co-founder who is a designer&#x2F;developer who is passionate about the mission of “connecting” people.
