# Apply HN: Empirical – A Platform for Reproducible Science

<a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;empiricalci.com" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;empiricalci.com</a><p>Empirical is a platform that allows scientists to run, share and compare experiments, including their whole research environment.<p>WHY EMPIRICAL?
The idea for this product comes from the frustrations that I had while doing research in computer vision. There are many inefficiencies slowing down modern science, from trying to figure out what’s the state of the art to the lack of easy means to reproduce and evaluate research. 
We aim to attack these inefficiencies by providing a standard framework  to run, share and compare experiments. Bringing some of the best practices in software development to science and making it easy for researchers to adopt them. Also with each experiment that is performed in the platform we’re hoping to build a database to map the state of the art.<p>We know this is idea will make a big impact in the way science is made.  This has the potential to change the meaning of peer review, and improve reproducibility and discovery, which will lead to faster iteration cycles and better science.<p>STATUS:
We’re currently working through the prototype and hoping to have an alpha version soon. Meanwhile, you can stay updated by signing up on our site: <a href="http:&#x2F;&#x2F;empiricalci.com" rel="nofollow">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;empiricalci.com</a><p>BUSINESS MODEL: 
SaaS, paid private plans + paid storage and computing time.<p>ABOUT US:
We worked together for over a year in a different startup. Bren as a UX product designer and Alan as a computer vision engineer and tech lead.
Before that, Bren studied CS at Berkeley and then specialized in UX at General Assembly. Alan was doing a Ph.D in AI systems, specializing in Computer Vision at Monterrey Institute of Technology.<p>Feedback is greatly appreciated and please let me know any question you may have.
