# Ask HN: Math from square one, after ~11 years of programming

Hi HN,
no throwaway account - embarrassing or not, I’ll ask for your advice on the matter.<p>27 years old, ~11 years professional programming and design experience, no formal education, poking w&#x2F; systems since my parents brought me my first computer at age of 9 - a soviet clone of the Apple II.<p>I’ve recently came to the realisation that when you remove the noise, there’s room for the signal; increasing the throughput via negativa.<p>Probably, somewhere in the past have I’ve internalised the assumption that math is “dry”, or that I don’t have “natural aptitude” towards it and all of the common cliches regarding the subject. I can trace it back to specific time, place and persons, but this is not relevant.<p>The thing is that I’ve always have been drawn to specific disciplines and generally abstract concepts, seeking the intersections between programming, design, philosophy, economy, all disciplines forming cognitive science and etc.<p>Now I have this strong craving, a irresistible urge like a compulsion, to learn math vigorously from the ground up, because I feel it’ll help me read formally the commonalities between these distinct on first sight systems.<p>Does someone relate to this? Have you been through something similar? Either way, what advice would you give? Does it sound naive and am I late? What blind spots I might have regarding this?<p>The resources in terms of finances are not an issue, i.e. everything I’ve learned up to this moment was via deliberate practice and internal self-drive, but I’m open for any suggestions regarding the possible learning processes.<p>Thanks for taking time reading this.<p>Happy hacking,<p>V.
