# Ask HN: YC App – Apply with current or new idea?

Hey all,<p>Been looking at accelerator applications recently and wanted to get advice from the HN community.<p>I have a startup that i&#x27;ve been working on full-time for the last 1.5+ years. While the business has great engagement #&#x27;s, it currently does not have a very large user base (in the few thousands) and the startup is facing tough business issues. On top of that, I applied to YC with the same idea in the last round and got rejected. However, it is a business and industry that I spent significant amount of time understanding, networking-in, and developing. As a result (especially in the last few months) there is extremely good clarity on how to succeed in the market along with potential resolution with some of the business issues in the next few months (most likely after the YC application is due).<p>On the other hand, I have another startup idea which I have a prototype and some #&#x27;s on product&#x2F;market fit, but not much more than that. The idea however has less foreseeable hurdles, wider initial audience, and more interest from friends to form a team. Of course, given it&#x27;s current state - there is a lot more assumption with this idea than actual fact.<p>I am in a bit of bind on what to apply with to YC and other accelerators at this point. I am not sure how many of you out there have faced a similar issue trying to evaluate opportunity costs. Should I apply with my current idea or my new idea? Or should I apply with a team for my new idea and add my current idea as backup? Interested in getting advice.
