# Ask HN: Toxic startup enviroment, need advice

2.5yrs ago I started working for this startup. Not my first so I am cognizant about the risks and what it takes out of you. Few months after I started a licensing deal fell through so I volunteered to take a pay cut with the understanding we were going to go all out until profitability. We went all out, but the founders(Fs) didn&#x27;t do any sales or marketing for 9 months, so yeah. Then they promised things were changing and they would really step it up in. 6 months later, we are growing pitifully &amp; the story is the same. After seeing Fs make the same mistakes every 6 months, I decided to leave. As a core dev is hard to replace in 2 weeks, I gave them 4 months of notice. They didn&#x27;t hire anyone. So, I gave them 4 more months. Yup. But I really wanted to do right by them :(  During this, I was validating startup ideas. I moved forward with one and, when pressed about my plans, told Fs. A week later, in a 4 hour meeting, they tried to convince me to build it for them saying they can sell and market it. I refused. A week later, they offered cofounder role. I declined. Now, they want to pursue it and claim it was their idea the whole time, that &quot;the lawyers would have to decide&quot; whether non-compete would apply. I&#x27;m not worried about competition. Rather, I feel extremely betrayed. After trusting them &amp; sweating blood for them, they pull this shit. And, the prospect of a possible lawsuit isn&#x27;t great. I don&#x27;t want to rage quit this week as a) I told them Dec, b) savings: additional money is nice, not a requirement. But, I am not sure I can stick it till Dec and if that would just strengthen their non-compete argument.<p>1. Airing dirty laundry is not good, but the idea Fs are going scot-free with such despicable behavior gnaws at me. Should I name and shame them? FWIW other employees are willing to back me up.<p>2. Should I quit asap and not honor what I told them? Would that be stooping to their level or just what they deserve?<p>3. Why must people be dicks?
