# Ask HN: Dev in Data Warehousing – How to change career?

Hello, I am a Dev in Microsoft. I have been in MS for about 10 years now. I have broad experience in Data Warehousing, Databases, Web applications, Windows Service applications etc. But, I am primarily a Data Warehousing guy. I have deep knowledge on ETL processes, data modelling, and data related skills.<p>Tech-wise, I am good at SQL Server, C#, ASP.NET, Informatica, etc. Mostly MS technologies.<p>On the family side I am married with 2 children. We are a single income family. I get a good base pay with excellent benefits at Microsoft. I am thankful to MS for what they have provided to me.<p>Below is the my current job situation.<p>1. I am starting to learn Machine Learning (Andrew Ng&#x27;s ML course), Python and Hadoop and getting excited about it. I feel that Machine Learning&#x2F;Data Mining fits well for my career progression given my Data Warehousing skills.\n2. My current job requirements does not need Machine Learning.\n3. Microsoft does not use Hadoop, Python, etc. No offence on MS, but the skills are not completely externally transferable.\n4. I am not focussing on my job and starting to feel worried about it.<p>I am wondering if I should start looking outside Microsoft. I am although worried, about the following and looking for advice:\n1. How difficult is to land a position in Machine Learning given my lack of experience in that area? I don&#x27;t want to regret later, that I quit a stable job in Microsoft only to end up something other than Machine Learning.\n2. What companies are out there, where I can get a reasonable pay, and get to do Machine Learning stuff?\n3. What are the sites and avenues to apply for ML jobs? I know LinkedIn, StackOverflow, Indeed.com, or else basically go to each company&#x27;s site to apply.\n4. Can you recommend head hunters that can place me on ML jobs?\n5. Are there any Career counsellors that can help?<p>Your frank advice is appreciated.
