# Ask HN: Is There Something Wrong with My CV or Skillset?

Hi there,<p>I&#x27;m a software developer (former sysadmin) who&#x27;s just getting into the field. This summer, I finished my first large solo freelance project (a web application pulling data from a network of remote sensors, which I also set up and programmed).<p>My programmer friends have been telling me to &quot;just apply for a job, you&#x27;re better than you think&quot; for a long time now, but after this project I finally feel competent enough to call myself a programmer.<p>Just a few weeks ago, I moved to a new country, where the job market is kind of crappy. I applied for some local sysadmin gigs because the few programming jobs I see here all revolve around Java, C#, or PHP. I had one interview but nothing came of it.<p>I&#x27;ve been applying to remote jobs for about 3 months now (Ruby&#x2F;Rails, some Python&#x2F;flask), mainly by sending out my resume&#x2F;cover letter on Cybercoders, StackOverflow, etc. This hasn&#x27;t gotten much in the way of results.<p>A few days ago, I posted a &#x27;hire me!&#x27;[0] on HN, but it was buried within minutes. I did get some good feedback, though, pointing out that most companies aren&#x27;t eager to give out non-senior dev positions to remote people.<p>I&#x27;m starting to suspect that something is terribly wrong with my CV. As a sysadmin, I was used to being hired within 3 weeks of starting to send out applications in a new city. What am I doing wrong?<p>I&#x27;ve posted my resume[1] -- if you&#x27;ve got a minute, could you look over it and tell me what critical flaw I&#x27;m not seeing? This seems like the best time in the history of humanity to be a programmer; why am I having so much trouble finding a job?<p>I can&#x27;t offer much in return, except this: I travel a lot; if you help me and I&#x27;m ever in your city, I&#x27;ll get in touch with you and buy you a beer.<p>Thanks!<p>[0] https:&#x2F;&#x2F;news.ycombinator.com&#x2F;item?id=8366690\n[1] project768.com&#x2F;files&#x2F;cv_programming.pdf
