# Ask HN: Help me land a job?

A little bio about myself:<p>Personal: I am a computer science student from India.Completed my undergraduation from a very unknown local college in May 2014.Being from a local college pushes me behind, having no good exposure of software engineering.<p>Projects&#x2F;Work Experience: Last Summer, I had done a remote internship on game development. Developed a web-application(game) using web technologies. Apart from being intern for 2 months and developing websites for the college technical fests, I have no work experience or any perfect knowledge regarding a particular domain.<p>Why unemployed?: I started a startup in my final year of undergraduation and failed miserably. I have no time left to prepare for Interviews or sharpen my programming skills. I thought of to first become expert regarding a particular domain like Web Development, Machine Learning and then apply for a job.<p>Realization: After 4 months of doing some web development, Machine Learning, MOOC&#x27;s, reading books,realized that i am no where near perfect in either of them. It just been waste of valuable 4 months of time. I feel work experience is more valuable than reading books alone in home. So, I decided to work on my skills in the coming days&#x2F;weeks&#x2F;months to land into a job and then work on to become expert.<p>Skills: Cpp - Solved around 300 problems in various online judges(ID:kp25). Python - beginner. Javascript - Developed websites, web-application during Summer Internship.<p>What are the do&#x27;s and dont&#x27;s that i should follow in the coming months, What further skills or languages should i learn that helps me in getting close to land into a job?<p>Willing to relocate for job and join immediately. Ready to learn any further skills if required for the job. If you do think i&#x27;m good enough for the job role you&#x27;ve considering please Contact me at the following email id:  prasanth[dot]25k[at]gmail[dot]com
