# Ask HN: Is it okay to work as only developer for a startup directly after study?

Hi guys,<p>I&#x27;m stuck in a decision and I want to know how you&#x27;re thinking about it: At the moment I&#x27;m 26, finishing my bachelor&#x27;s degree in computer science (till the end of next month). On a sunny day in this summer I drank a beer together with a friend and got introduced to someone with a startup idea. Month later now, I&#x27;ve developed a lot for the startup, mostly using my loved MEAN stack and got a very acceptable equity deal.<p>And: I now got asked to work as first employee as (at the moment and for the next year only) developer for the startup company. I really like to, as I love startup culture, have a strong interest in newest technologies, new thoughts and experimenting with ideas. But I&#x27;ve never worked for any development company yet, having no experience with agile teaming (doing agile as one developer seems a big difference from doing it as team to me!), being responsible for a product or whatever... As I have low costs for my daily life (hey, I&#x27;m student right now!), even a big less income than working for an existing company wouldn&#x27;t matter to me.<p>Would being the only programmer for a startup be negative for my experience? Would it be better (for my CV e.g.) to gain experience from an existing (bigger) company?<p>So there are 2 possibilities for me at the moment, as I need a job for the beginning of the next year: Apply to another, existing company first or accept the offer and start developing for the startup.<p>Could you give me some advise what to do? Perhaps someone has experienced similar.
