# Ask HN: Career help needed. Startup guy trying to get back to job market

Short version: Web + iOS &#x2F; Android native + sysadmin skills. I am out of the job market for around 8 years, doing a startup &amp; consulting. I have am confused on what to project on my resume. Aim is to apply for US companies like Google &amp; Twitter.<p>Long version:<p>Background:<p>I am a Masters in CS with around 15 years of exp.<p>I have been doing a company with friends, which started as a product company. But, soon, we started consulting to make ends meet. Fast forward 4 years, I don’t like it anymore, I am quitting.<p>I am looking into the career market after about 10 years now. Due to all the lost years, I am assessing opportunities on where I can provide most value and make up for the lost time &amp; money.<p>I am Asian, 35+ yrs old and not in the US now.<p>My experience:<p><pre><code>  - Originally, C &#x2F; embedded &#x2F; Linux drives &#x2F; RTOS guy (initial 5 yrs)
  - Then web guy &amp; devops guy - LAMP stack, PHP, Python, JS, 
     C#.Net, ASP MVC, AWS, Linux sysadmin
  - iOS &#x2F; Android: Native apps - 10+ published apps in the last 3 years.
</code></pre>
Besides the above, I have dabbled on many side projects for trying out various tech, but, nothing solid to show publically on this front.<p>Aim:<p>The aim is to get placed in US companies like Google &amp; Twitter and enjoy work. I am now re-learning algorithms stuffs, updating my skills and learning latest things on web &#x2F; mobile front. Also, need to create my resume and start applying soon.<p>My initial thought was to project myself as an iOS developer, but, then I thought it might limit the number of opportunities, especially in top companies.<p>I am confused on what exactly to project in my resume to appeal to the recruiters. HNers help on this front appreciated.<p>1) If you were in my shoes, what would you emphasize in the resume to appeal to the top companies? Any suggestion on this appreciated.<p>2) Based on my background and the fact that I am 35+ &amp; not in the US, is it a viable plan ?
