# Ask HN: Feedback on Techniques List for Software Performance and Scalability

Hello HN community!<p>In my free time I&#x27;m writing a book on &quot;Software Performance and Scalability&quot; and would like your feedback and input.<p>One section in the outline is structured around a list of patterns and techniques which can improve or harm performance and scalability. The idea is to provide a single unified document which can remind the reader of all the techniques to consider, the trade-offs, how to apply them, give before-vs-after case studies, as well as talk about useful measuring and simulation tools, benchmarks and then recommendations of specific components, services, products, packages, languages, etc.<p>Any things to add to my list below? Change? Improve? Disagree?<p>Please discuss or give feedback in the comments below, or, you can also email me privately (my address is in my HN profile.)<p>1. Static Not Dynamic<p>2. Cached<p>3. Distributed<p>4. Parallelized<p>5. Asynchronous<p>6. Incremental<p>7. Queues with Worker Pools<p>8. Step Minimization<p>9. Complexity Optimal Algorithms<p>10. Event-Driven Not Polled<p>11. Non-Blocking IO<p>12. Paginated Results<p>13. Web Page Component Request Minimization<p>14. Network Locality<p>15. Machine Task-to-Data Locality<p>16. Precompute Predicted Requests<p>17. Eager Init vs Lazy Init<p>18. Beefier Hardware<p>19. Do Tasks in Hardware Rather than Software<p>20. Leaner Languages &amp; Runtimes<p>21. Tuning OS Parameters<p>22. Custom OS Kernel Builds<p>23. Non-Virtual OS Instance<p>24. No OS<p>25. Minimize Context Switching<p>26. Avoid Swapping, Especially Thrashing<p>27. Minimize Chattiness of Comm Protocols<p>28. Pass Smaller Messages<p>29. Avoid Lock Contention<p>30. Pass and Store Diffs Rather Than Complete Snapshots<p>31. Client-Server Architecture<p>32. Function Inlining<p>33. Loop Unrolling<p>34. Less Memory Churn and Background GC Inside Your Process<p>35. Local Function Calls Rather Than RPC or Web Service Requests<p>thanks!<p>Mike Kramlich
