# Ask HN: Winter reading + other activities for a stronger 2015

Hi, HN.
I am self-employed freelancer in rural Cornwall, UK, having moved here some two and a half years ago. I also offer local computer technical support. Neither of these roles are currently financially sustainable in their current state, and I&#x27;m dipping into my savings to make rent. I work from home, don&#x27;t hold physical stock, and -- crucially -- I&#x27;m not certain that what I&#x27;m doing is the best thing for me and my state of mind. I have struggled with depression and brain wiring problems for the past 6 years and have not yet found an appropriate medication that helps me. Exercise is my drug of choice, and I&#x27;m OK at that; I could be better at it, however. I am not a programmer, though I want to be competent at it for self-satisfaction rather than commercial gain.<p>With this in mind, I&#x27;ve decided to spend the 2014&#x2F;15 winter months on improving my prospects for the coming year. In the first instance, I want to apply myself better to my `work` hours, and have the results to show for it. I will readily admit that although I can do a bunch of things well, I don&#x27;t excel at one thing; rather, I haven&#x27;t yet found that thing.<p>I want to read more over winter with a view to learning and taking those things into my freelancing career to make 2015 better than 2014. I have, essentially, a blank slate to start with and I would be most grateful if you could share your `must read` book(s) that might help me out in my journey. A sentence or two on why you&#x27;ve recommended the book(s) would be enormously helpful to me.<p>Thank you in advance - and best wishes from Cornwall, UK.<p>Edit: added `+ other activities` to title.
