# Ask HN: Untested tech business model vs. Existing, conventional businesses

Currently struggling with this dilemma. Let me preface that this is not for a US based business.<p>I&#x27;m looking to start a new business, and I have a concept for a web marketplace (it&#x27;s not an ecommerce store nor is it an entirely web based business such as a SaaS). It&#x27;s a pretty new model and nobody has done it. I would be bootstrapping, I&#x27;m not the type to hunt for VC dollars nor is it really likely here. I need to be making money within a year.<p>But, part of me wonders if I should forget about trying to be bleeding edge and just try to do more conventional business, but apply my knowledge of tech, marketing, web etc to do it better and more efficiently. Examples include, food &amp; beverage import and distribution, real estate investing&#x2F;renovation, construction etc.<p>I look around, and while a lot of people are making money in tech&#x2F;web, it really seems like many are just gambling with VC dollars and hoping for a big exit one day. Not really what I&#x27;m looking for.<p>I know a lot of well off people and none of them are in technology. They are distributors, they are home builders, pharmacy owners, real estate investors, etc etc.<p>Now I pose this question to HN: is it better to invest entrepreneurial ambitions in more conventional, old fashioned businesses and just being smarter about it, or is it better to pursue innovation and try to upend old business models with something new -- if you are looking to make actual money, without big investors, and not seeking a big exit in the future?
