# Ask HN: It's 2015 and I'm not in the situation I wanted to be. Need Advice

I started working as freelancer since Sep 2014, the new year is here and I&#x27;m not in the situation I was hoping to be.  I leave my day job to get better income but more important to get more interesting projects to work with, I always felt that I was stuck in the same tasks the same tech and with no opportunity to get any new stuff to do, and been more real with no opportunity to have a career, there was not other job position to take, so I resign and start doing freelancing and It starts really well, I have to make efforts speaking english and sending detailed reports, but all went well, good ratings, good feedback, great clients, months later I&#x27;m not doing the projects I was expecting, I feel the same that in my past day job that I&#x27;m stuck in the 40$us 100$us kind of projects, with no new things to do and I want to do more, I know I&#x27;m starting and I need reputation and maybe be more patient, but is hard to see myself in a better situation in the future.<p>My current work history is great, I have only five stars ratings, but my clients just contact me to small short projects, I want it to change, I tried to apply for different projects, and start learning new tools, I&#x27;m really getting into Ansible and Docker, but I&#x27;m getting no responses and I&#x27;m not sure what clients are looking for.<p>HN, how would you deal with this situation? What can I do to get better opportunities?<p>This is my first post but I search into HN to look for experiences, I read great advices here I can say I had been motivated to leave my work because of some comments.<p>Maybe I&#x27;m anxious and need to be patient, but I would love get some advices to get a new 2015 start, and be proactive about the things I can change and learn to be in the position I want so much.<p>Love and Happy Reyes Magos for all.<p>~ Betty
