# Hiring intern for NASA spacewalk operations department

First, apologies for this not being in a &quot;who&#x27;s hiring&quot; post. The powers that be are hoping to fill this position before February, so it can&#x27;t wait for the next one.<p>Second, I&#x27;m not involved with hiring...I just want to give the college students of HN an opportunity to apply for this cool opening. If you get the position you will work with me a lot, so feel free to ask me anything about what I do.<p>Okay, here&#x27;s the semi-official job req:<p>Stinger Ghaffarian Technologies in Houston, TX is offering an internship where you will get to work at the NASA&#x27;s Neutral Buoyancy Lab (NBL)[1] and Mission Control Center (MCC)[2] working within the Mission Operations group at Johnson Space Center in charge of Extravehicular Activities (spacewalks)[3]. This group plans on-orbit activities, trains astronauts to perform spacewalks (at the NBL and other facilities), and assists astronauts with execution of missions from MCC.<p>The chosen applicant would be involved with all of these planning, training and execution activities. Additionally, they would be working on a project to improve the EVA Wiki (EVA&#x27;s knowledge managment system using MediaWiki [4]). The extent of this project depends upon the chosen applicant&#x27;s interests and skills. Applicants proficient in software development could help improve existing software or developing their own extensions. Other applicants could work on improving the content within the wiki.<p>Applicants must be graduate students or undergraduate juniors or seniors. Graduate students work 30-40 hours per week. Undergraduates work 16-28 hours per week. Application is open to all students, but goes through San Jacinto College. To apply please contact Linda Drobnich at Linda.Drobnich AT sjcd DOT edu.<p>[1] http:&#x2F;&#x2F;en.wikipedia.org&#x2F;wiki&#x2F;Neutral_Buoyancy_Laboratory
[2] http:&#x2F;&#x2F;en.wikipedia.org&#x2F;wiki&#x2F;Christopher_C._Kraft_Jr._Mission_Control_Center
[3] http:&#x2F;&#x2F;en.wikipedia.org&#x2F;wiki&#x2F;Extravehicular_activity
[4] http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.mediawiki.org&#x2F;wiki&#x2F;MediaWiki
