# Boostable (YC W14) Is Hiring Software Engineers in SF

Boostable helps entrepreneurs on marketplaces like Etsy, Udemy, Airbnb etc promote themselves online. By making advertising accessible to any seller on any marketplace, we help level the playing field and give any seller the ability to advertise themselves online.<p>About the position<p>- You’ll build new tools that expose data and services to end-users and admins<p>- Build an API to scale our product out to more marketplaces.<p>- Work with team members to figure out how we can improve ad performance and management.<p>What&#x27;s in it for you<p>- You&#x27;ll play an important role in determining our company&#x27;s success as one of our company&#x27;s early team members.<p>- Work with an experienced team that has been part of several successful startups.<p>- Work with a team that can bring your ideas to market. We already have access to several hundred thousand sellers.<p>- Stock options, competitive salary, health insurance.<p>Qualifications<p>- You’re a startup person: mission-driven, autonomous, a fast-learner.<p>- Ability to deliver on time in a fast-paced environment<p>- 3+ years of web development experience.<p>- Language agnostic. You’ll work primarily in Python&#x2F;Django, but our stack includes Scala&#x2F;Play Framework, NodeJS and AngularJS.<p>- Experience building APIs and scaling out web apps is a big plus.<p>How to apply: Send an email to jobs@boostable.com and put (HN) in the subject line to get extra attention
