# Ask HN: Got hired for a position that doesn't exist. How do I leave?

I&#x27;m a recent CS graduate from a decent university in the US. It&#x27;s no CS powerhouse but it&#x27;s well respected and decently known. I won&#x27;t name which because I don&#x27;t want my co-workers to accidentally see this and identify me.<p>During my last semester we had a guest lecturer in my parallel programming class. He came from a local startup which supposedly created advanced systems to assist the work of other statups.<p>The engineer from the startup went on and on about how each day there is a challenge and you learn so much. I decided to apply and see what would come out of it.<p>I went through a very tough series a interviews complete with Python puzzles and whiteboard problems. During these interviews I was reassured the job there was challenging and rewarding. I got a (generous) offer and accepted.<p>Fast forward to my first day and  I ask my team lead what&#x27;s the project I&#x27;ll work on and I quickly learn that the challenging  work is done in a sister office. I get told that this location mostly does very simple client facing Java Swing applications. I was devastated and almost quit on the spot. I would have if not for the fact that I have very large student debts and can&#x27;t afford to not work.<p>Now I&#x27;ve been working there for a month and I&#x27;ve tried everything to get assigned interesting work. It&#x27;s pretty much impossible since no such work is even done at my location.<p>How do I get myself out of this? I&#x27;m looking for other jobs already. I could omit ‎my current position  from my resume but then I&#x27;ll be forced to reveal it if I get an interviews during regular office hours.<p>I have a friend who wants to personally refer me to work on his team at Amazon but I don&#x27;t want to blow the interview. I would practice but at the end of the day I&#x27;m so burnt out from boredom and repetitive work that I can barely stay awake.<p>I know there are no clear cut solutions but I&#x27;m interested in hearing from people who had similar experiences.
