# Ask HN: Has my education made me unhireable?

Hello, Hacker News. I&#x27;ve been despairing over something lately.<p>I&#x27;ve poured the last four years into a CS PhD and am about to graduate. I don&#x27;t intend to take an academic position. I applied to a few companies, but none called back.<p>I have a background many geeks share: coding from an early age, spending their teenage years in IRC soaking up everything, playing, hacking. When I finished high school, I went into CS, where I met my future advisor. He suggested I apply as a PhD so he could fund me. I wasn&#x27;t aware then that PhD meant &quot;professor in training&quot;, nor that the university I&#x27;d go to has a reputation for producing bad grads. It seemed like a good opportunity, so I took it.<p>My advisor put me to work solo on developing a large system that would be the foundation for a (possibly commercial) web service. I saw this project through from the ground up. I got to experiment with different technologies. I made a habit of writing clean code&#x2F;documentation. All in all, a lot of valuable experience.<p>People fresh out of academia are typically some of the worst software developers imaginable, doubly so for those with no job experience. I don&#x27;t feel like I meet the stereotype, but looking at my resume you can&#x27;t tell. My advisor discouraged internships, and nothing I&#x27;ve done outside of academia is worth putting in a resume.<p>I feel like I&#x27;m trapped. I&#x27;m overqualified, yet have no work experience. The only thing I <i>am</i> qualified for is an academic job I don&#x27;t want. Now I&#x27;m about to be without income.<p>The companies I&#x27;ve applied to are all big, though I think I&#x27;d fit well in an early-stage startup where I could take on a generalist role. But I feel like such a position takes connections I don&#x27;t have. Could I approach the founders at such a company directly? How can I prove I&#x27;m not just yet another post-academia liability if no one will look past my resume? Am I fucked?
