# Ask HN: Visa experts chime in

Interested in a course of action for a friend of mine who is &quot;stuck&quot; in Poland after a tourist visa denial to the US.<p>He applied for a standard tourist visa around early-October 2014, received the standard visa denial by the consulate (&#x27;can&#x27;t prove ties to home country&#x27;). Frustrating to say the least, but we all know how lovely our immigration policy is here.<p>He has no interest in immigrating, rather wishes to spend a month or so enjoying California. 25, single, not married, and is a self-employed UI designer (yes, bad in the eyes of the consul who seeks the employed, married with kids 45 year old).<p>Poland&#x27;s visa denial rate is around 6.5% (vs 11% from the previous year) but they and three other Eastern Bloc&#x27;ers are still not part of the waiver program.<p>I wonder, is it smart to send him a formal Business Visa invite from a US citizen on letterhead or should he eat the $5k required to become a student and apply for a J visa.<p>I won&#x27;t rant much but it&#x27;s certainly a shame how we move forward with immigration issues in this country. From the countless illegals entering the country and receiving benefits and jobs to the hard working engineers who can never win the H1-B lottery to simply people who want to visit our country and spend some money on tourism and get denied.<p>So it becomes an issue where you have to try and maneuver around the system to attain an optimal resolution vs. simply going to a consulate, saying the truth and getting a visa. Shame.<p>Any insight?
