# Ask HN: How to overcome mental weakness?

Hi HN!<p>I turn to you in order to see if this community has actually answers to my problem. Shorter: I feel mentally weak, and moreover, even after reading advices about what it means and how to overcome it, I still fail at changing that.<p>About me: I&#x27;m a junior developer in a small start-up that does augmented reality, developing their mobile apps. I&#x27;d like to end up doing 3D real time rendering one day, and am quite into C++ as well.<p>So, how do you truly overcome mental weakness, that is:
- &quot;Not showing up&quot;: there&#x27;s this quote that &quot;80% of success is showing up&quot;. Yet I still can&#x27;t find the... energy? determination? in me to do “show up” to achieve what I want (e.g. recently I&#x27;ve been trying to develop my own 3D renderer).<p>- Giving up too easily: I think that&#x27;s also one of my main issues, when I sometimes (miraculously) find that energy to do things, I won&#x27;t stuck with it very long if difficulties show up.<p>- Emotional breakdowns: I&#x27;ve found that recently I&#x27;m a bit too inclined to, when facing difficulties, have kind of breakdowns, where I&#x27;ll just stop and sigh, feeling quite depressed that I don&#x27;t &quot;achieve&quot; what I&#x27;d want to.<p>- Whining: That&#x27;s something I feel I do way too much, when I stop and just whine about how I won&#x27;t make it and how I can&#x27;t do things anyway.<p>I feel I&#x27;ve done the first part: identifying what&#x27;s wrong. But I’m clueless as to what to do now. I feel like a fatalist &quot;Anyway, that&#x27;s cyclic. Not being able to make efforts won&#x27;t help me to get out of this mental state&quot;. I&#x27;ve read articles that give advices like &quot;Set up short goals&quot;, &quot;Plan ahead&quot;, etc. But I find myself just unable to &quot;show up&quot; and apply these advices. I always end up just lazing instead. I feel trapped in a vicious circle where my lack of mental strength prevents me from reaching a state of mental strength where I could achieve things.<p>Have you found yourself in such a state and how did you overcome it?<p>Many thanks if you&#x27;ve read this far.
