# Ask HN: Do you know any company with a grants.gov account?

Does anyone here have an account with grants.gov? If you do, I have an awesome opportunity that I want to discuss. To have an account with grants.gov, one needs to have created an account with sam.gov and registered their company entity.<p>Long story short:<p>Our company has spent the last 3 years working on a platform for building apps that support distributed, secure login and identity. Among other things, the platform implements standard privacy and data ownership functionality out of the box for all users.<p>Platform: http:&#x2F;&#x2F;platform.qbix.com
Technology: www.faqs.org&#x2F;patents&#x2F;app&#x2F;20120110469
etc.<p>NIST is offering a $1-2 MILLION dollar a year grant to programs like ours:<p>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.nist.gov&#x2F;itl&#x2F;20150212_nstic_grants.cfm<p>BUT THE DEADLINE IS TUESDAY AT MIDNIGHT.<p>Although I began the process of applying for our company to have an account with grants.gov, a couple weeks ago, it will actually be another 11 days before we can have an account. And the deadline will have passed.<p>I called up the people at NIST that are responsible for running the program and they told me right away that they have a provision in this &quot;Federal Funding Opportunity&quot; that allows for change of applicant. That is to say, if they like the application, they will allow the applicant to be changed later.<p>I am looking for anyone that HAS an existing grants.gov account, to help us submit the application. And then we can work together to make this happen.<p>$1-2 Million a year grants that match 98% what we have been working on for the last 3-4 years don&#x27;t come around every year. Well, they might come around next year, but we&#x27;d rather partner with someone to apply this year while we still can. Consortiums are allowed as well.<p>Please contact me, my email is found easily at http:&#x2F;&#x2F;qbix.com&#x2F;about<p>Zak
