# Assembly (YC W12) Is Hiring a Full-Stack and Front-End Engineer

Hi HN.<p>Assembly is a platform that makes it possible for people around the world to band together to build apps online and share in ownership. Anyone can post an idea, we have a community of designers, developers, and other creatives who collaboratively build the best ones into real software products. Once an app ships Assembly collects the revenue each month, pays any bills, and splits any proceeds with everyone that build it. More than 4.5 million people already use apps built by the Assembly community.<p>We think of it as software eating the company - before Assembly, it was very unlikely and difficult for a group of strangers around the world to come together online around a vision, build something, and share in the success. Who would incorporate, who pays the bills, who collects the money, do they get an accountant, attorney, how do they pay taxes, etc etc - there are real trust and operation issues. With the Assembly platform, people can freely meet like they do on other online community but through the collaboration and trust provided by Assembly they can quickly start making something together (no employment contracts needed) with a shared vision the core team driving it - knowing they&#x27;ll earn their share of revenue if the product does well.<p>We&#x27;ve raised a Series A from Union Square Ventures, Thrive, and other great investors to build the meta company. We&#x27;re a diverse team of seasoned founders and product engineers. We use the best engineering tools for the job, today they primarily are React, Ruby, Go, and Clojure. We care and invest deeply in professional development and will do everything to make sure Assembly is one of your most memorable work experiences.<p>You can read more about the job, great benefits, and to apply here:<p>Full-Stack Engineer: <a href="https://jobs.lever.co/assembly/3ad9b4b2-f399-4999-9138-6ff9d5345d8a" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;jobs.lever.co&#x2F;assembly&#x2F;3ad9b4b2-f399-4999-9138-6ff9d...</a><p>Front-End Engineer: <a href="https://jobs.lever.co/assembly/21461ca1-0f3a-416f-8330-3dd0a9640629" rel="nofollow">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;jobs.lever.co&#x2F;assembly&#x2F;21461ca1-0f3a-416f-8330-3dd0a...</a>
