# Ask HN: Developer looking for career advice

I am at a cross-road in terms of my career and I am looking for some advice.<p>I am an unemployed, single, soon to be 30 male Indian software developer based in Dubai with 4 years experience in ASP.net C# and decided to move towards Python(basically, wanted to move to an open source environment). Prior to that I worked for 1 year as a Data Analyst for a market research company and did odd IT support jobs during collage days. I also worked as a site coordinator for construction company for a total 3 years.<p>The jobs I get are in C# and and the pay is very low. Of the 4 Python openings I could find in the last year, everyone wanted and expert with 3 years experience. I tried my luck in India but all I ending up getting more C# openings.<p>My problem from what I understand, I am looking for a job in a language other than C#, be it Java or Python or Scala or Ruby. But all the openings I find need experts with 3-4 years experience or Freshers. I was surprised to learn that the definition of fresher is someone who is graduated within year.<p>Now for my cross-roads, I have a visit visa to US. Will I able to find job in US as I am hoping that are a lot more companies there and I am hoping the large number of companies will help my odds. Will I be able to receive a work permit if I find a job? Of all the states in US, where do I start from? I am planning to apply for a Canadian visit visa to just increase my odds.<p>I am looking for some data mining &#x2F; analysis &#x2F; big data type of job. Of all the projects I have done so far the one I enjoyed the most was the one I did as a Data Analyst pulling together 15 sheets of excel data with over 300 rows each into an Access database. Normalising the data and with some SQL magic, preparing a report based on that data, telling its story. I am have also worked as a Developer  on getting data from  Twitter&#x27;s direct API and the API via Datasift using MSMQ and storing it in Mongo DB for further analysis.
