# Ask HN: Are designers and creatives giving away too many secrets?

Part deux:<p>Does anyone else find the design scene getting a bit crowded with up-and-coming types working on their career or otherwise showing off a bit too much of what they&#x27;re worth? If you know what magic is, it is mastery of all the elements, and a deliberate attempt to weave. If is for that reason one wouldn&#x27;t want to reveal too much, because the magic would lose its allure and wouldn&#x27;t be as effective. It seems newcomer bloggers, artists, designers...they sell us out by giving away too many secrets. Old media is quick to call them &#x27;wiz kids&#x27; and say &#x27;fair play&#x27; for making that app, but I think it&#x27;s too much too soon. There is a loose Internet rule we can apply called &#x27;lurk moar&#x27; that is the most under applied trick in the book. The premise is that you do your homework on everybody, every thing, and every trick you are about to conjure. Life is a dress rehearsal, and there are endless lives we can live to perfect it all and achieve mastery. I just think all these artists, designers, and creatives need to slow down a bit. I am not saying stop sharing tutorials, and not saying sharing is inherently bad. I just want to see some restraint. I know it can be hard to retain clients and we have to keep the game in play by sharing what we&#x27;ve learned, and telling our story, but not to such an extreme that anyone off the street can read your whole blog from start to finish and then (literally) become just as good as the next guy and perform all the same tricks...<p>Am I the only one who feels this way, or is this the new normal and I need to find somewhere else I can compete?
