# Ask HN: How do I decide what area in my field (CS) to enter?

TLDR: Incoming junior with two years of university left, so limited time for projects&#x2F;research&#x2F;grad school applications, but endless forks in the road: web development, network and systems, machine learning, software development, etc. Where to go?<p>---<p>If you were once halfway through university, had a variety of interests and only an introductory knowledge of your field, how did you decide which option to pursue for the rest of your life?<p>For example, Economics grads, how did you end up in labor economics? History grads, how did you decide on 7th century Middle East? CS majors, how did you know you wanted to study Complexity Theory in grad school?<p>Reasons for asking:
1. With two summers left before I apply to grad school or for jobs, I want to focus on 1-2 things I can pour all my effort into.
2. It&#x27;s really uncanny listening to classmates who know exactly what they want to do. Makes me feel like I don&#x27;t have a plan.<p>From all the courses I&#x27;ve taken so far (the usual discrete math, algorithms&#x2F;data structures, a programming in C++ course) have told me little about what I enjoy. I read a few posts on Machine Learning and while they were for a lay audience, I really enjoyed them. The trouble is that a. I don&#x27;t know enough about all these emerging fields to pick 1-2, and b. I have interests outside CS as well (history, writing) and I&#x27;m not sure how to reconcile these.<p>I know I shouldn&#x27;t be looking for an &quot;AHA!&quot; moment. But going into junior year with no real idea is scary.<p>Any advice - anecdotal or not - is welcome. Thanks for reading!
