# Ask HN: I quit my job at a startup, what happens now?

My stressful career as an early employee at a tech startup in SF has come to an end. Officially not an employee after over two years, and it feels overwhelming even though I put myself in this position.<p>The reason I left was because I wasn&#x27;t learning or advancing and grew fed up with covering for mediocre performance by my peers. What I wish for at this point in my life (mid 20&#x27;s) is to absorb as much knowledge and experience as possible and I feel that the best way to do that, for me, is to learn from the best. So I want to work at a place with &gt; 10 employees that has a strong company culture of teamwork and creating top-tier products and services.<p>I have some questions as to what happens to my equity, insurance, etc...<p>1) I have ~50k vested shares of stock (options?) but don&#x27;t have any paperwork other than our original contract which says something about the next board meeting, it&#x27;s all rather confusing.<p>2) Would it be wise to take advantage of a government run program like COBRA for insurance? I never used my insurance anyways, is it worth it to apply, and how are the chances that I will be accepted?<p>3) My savings will not last long with rent prices and all, I&#x27;m thinking about moving back home and staying with family or friends, but I&#x27;m also trying to find a new role here in SF, how much will being (very recently) remote affect job hunting? I got hired from out of town but I&#x27;m not sure if hat&#x27;s unusual.<p>That&#x27;s basically it but I would appreciate any other general advice for what happens now, what I should be doing, or if you have a job opening for a hacker who writes code, is into devops, and has an eye for product!
