# Ask HN: Learning to program for four years. What am I missing?

I&#x27;ve been learning to program off an on since 2011 by myself. I&#x27;ve worked with Python, PHP&#x2F;Wordpress, Ruby&#x2F;RoR, Java, C&#x2F;C++, iPhone&#x2F;Swift, and JavaScript&#x2F;MeteorJS.<p>I&#x27;ll spend a good chunk of my studies learning the syntax (variables, loops, functions, objects). After I get the basics down I&#x27;ll be able to create command line applications or some simple to do list web app. But after that I get discouraged cause at this point there is a dark abyss of complexities with the advanced parts of the language, or maybe there are tons of different frameworks to choose from, or I&#x27;ll get frustrated with the language because I can&#x27;t find a tutorial that is similar to what I&#x27;m trying to build.<p>Going back to learning the basics of a language, I&#x27;ll try learning the advanced features, but I don&#x27;t see how I can apply those features to what I&#x27;m trying to build or I don&#x27;t see how I will use them.<p>I&#x27;ve read that people say &quot;just build something to learn to code&quot; and I know that is the truth. Right now I wish that if I know the basic of programming and language syntax, that should be enough to just sit down at my computer and just program away and building something. But when I try to do this and implemented a feature I&#x27;ve never done before, I don&#x27;t know where to begin, especially if I can&#x27;t find a tutorial on how to do so.<p>Any advice would be much appreciated.
