# Ask HN: Email thanking me for applying to Lockheed Martin but I didn't apply

Throwaway for obvious reasons.<p>I just got this email, from &quot;donotreply@trm.brassring.com&quot;<p>Subject: Your candidate reference number - Lockheed Martin.<p><pre><code>    &lt;My Full Name&gt;,

    Thank you for your interest in Lockheed Martin. We appreciate the time and effort that you have taken to present your qualifications to us.

    This e-mail serves as confirmation that your resume has been submitted for the following position(s): 

    Sr Mbr Eng Staff &#x2F; Java, C++ &#x2F; SW Apps Dev &#x2F; 4-12 Yrs Exp &#x2F; Moorestown, NJ 322160BR

    Your skills and experience may be reviewed against the requirements of all open position(s), including the one(s) to which you have submitted.

    Thank you for considering Lockheed Martin in your job search.

    Lockheed Martin is an Equal Opportunity&#x2F;Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, protected veteran status, or disability status. 



    Please do not reply to this email.

</code></pre>
I have a job. I did not apply to Lockheed Martin. The email was sent to an email alias I rarely use.<p>Googling the job listing, I find: http:&#x2F;&#x2F;search.lockheedmartinjobs.com&#x2F;ShowJob&#x2F;Id&#x2F;33659&#x2F;Sr-Mbr-Eng-Staff-Java,-C-SW-Apps-Dev-4-12-Yrs-Exp-Moorestown,-NJ&#x2F;<p>&quot;Security clearance: Secret&quot;<p>I tried logging into Brassring with the email address this message was addressed to.  The account was recognized, but used none of my usual passwords. I could not answer any of the security questions.<p>HOW DID THIS HAPPEN? Is my identity being stolen? Why would this be a step taken by an identity thief?<p>Worth noting I have been apartment hunting recently and I stupidly gave my SSN to a guy from Craigslist who it seems was posing as a landlord. But I don&#x27;t see how lockheed follows from that. I would expect him to try to open a credit card or something.
