# Ask HN: Should I Apply for the YC Fellowship?

YC Fellowship on HN<p>https:&#x2F;&#x2F;news.ycombinator.com&#x2F;item?id=9917334<p>Sam Altman&#x27;s Take<p>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;blog.ycombinator.com&#x2F;yc-fellowship<p>The YC Fellowship is an experiment to help more people start startups.<p>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;fellowship.ycombinator.com&#x2F;<p>Apply Here<p>http:&#x2F;&#x2F;fellowship.ycombinator.com&#x2F;apply&#x2F;<p>I am reluctant to avail myself of the fellowship in part because I regard the public traded corporation as a bad idea.   Not unethical; rather that public trading is a poor choice.  In my own estimation other ways other kinds of businesses are far better.<p>(I can name some public companies that I do regard as having real benefit.<p>My first business card read &quot;Michael D. Crawford &#x2F; Inventor and Programmer&quot;.  Dad was so proud, he handed my cards out to all his coworkers.<p>Some of my inventions would be unsuitable for a startup even in the best of circumstances.<p>Others I will not sell for any price; to do so would not serve the public interest.<p>I don&#x27;t pursue funding for some others I don&#x27;t want to lose control:<p><pre><code>   &quot;I don&#x27;t understand video games.  You should 
    sell your assets to maximize my ROI.&quot;
</code></pre>
While the fellowship is a grant not an investment nor loan, I cannot in good conscience even apply unless I will follow through with a startup that will not merely prosper, but be a huge hit.<p>Given my fifteen years of adamant assertion that There Is A Better Way than Venture Capital, while the fellowship would be good for me in so many ways, I would do right by others to demonstrate BY MY OWN EXAMPLE that that Better Way is self-funding.
